Holmes: Never mind. The question now is about hemoglobin. No doubt you see the significance of this discovery of mine?
Watson: It is interesting, chemically, no doubt, but practically--
Holmes: Why, man, it is the most practical medico-legal discovery for years. Don't you see that it gives us an infallible test for blood stains. Come over here now! Let us have some fresh blood. Now, I add this small quantity of blood to a litre of water. You perceive that the resulting mixture has the appearance of pure water. The proportion of blood cannot be more than one in a million. I have no doubt, however, that we shall be able to obtain the characteristic reaction. Ha! ha! What do you think of that?
Watson: It seems to be a very delicate test.
Holmes: Beautiful! beautiful! The old Guiacum test was very clumsy and uncertain. So is the microscopic examination for blood corpuscles. The latter is valueless if the stains are a few hours old. Now, this appears to act as well whether the blood is old or new. Had this test been invented, there are hundreds of men now walking the earth who would long ago have paid the penalty of their crimes. Indeed!
###
Watson: Indeed!
Holmes: Criminal cases are continually hinging upon that one point. A man is suspected of a crime months perhaps after it has been committed. His linen or clothes are examined, and brownish stains discovered upon them. Are they blood stains, or mud stains, or rust stains, or fruit stains, or what are they? That is a question which has puzzled many an expert, and why? Because there was no reliable test. Now we have the Sherlock Holmes' test, and there will no longer be any difficulty.
Watson: You are to be congratulated, I remarked, considerably surprised at his enthusiasm.
Holmes: There was the case of Von Bischoff at Frankfort last year. He would certainly have been hung had this test been in existence. Then there was Mason of Bradford, and the notorious Muller, and Lefevre of Montpellier, and Samson of New Orleans. I could name a score of cases in which it would have been decisive.
Stamford: You seem to be a walking calendar of crime, You might start a paper on those lines. Call it the 'Police News of the Past.'
Holmes: Very interesting reading it might be made, too, I have to be careful, for I dabble with poisons a good deal.
Stamford: We came here on business, My friend here wants to take diggings, and as you were complaining that you could get no one to go halves with you, I thought that I had better bring you together.
###
Holmes: I have my eye on a suite in Baker Street, which would suit us down to the ground. You don't mind the smell of strong tobacco, I hope?
Watson: I always smoke 'ship's' myself.
Holmes: That's good enough. I generally have chemicals about, and occasionally do experiments. Would that annoy you?
Watson: By no means.
Holmes: Let me see--what are my other shortcomings. I get in the dumps at times, and don't open my mouth for days on end. You must not think I am sulky when I do that. Just let me alone, and I'll soon be right. What have you to confess now? It's just as well for two fellows to know the worst of one another before they begin to live together.
Watson: I keep a bull pup, and I object to rows because my nerves are shaken, and I get up at all sorts of ungodly hours, and I am extremely lazy. I have another set of vices when I'm well, but those are the principal ones at present.
Holmes: Do you include violin-playing in your category of rows?
Watson: It depends on the player. A well-played violin is a treat for the gods--a badly-played one--
Holmes: Oh, that's all right. I think we may consider the thing as settled--that is, if the rooms are agreeable to you.
Watson: When shall we see them?
Holmes: Call for me here at noon to-morrow, and we'll go together and settle everything.
Watson: All right--noon exactly.
Watson: By the way, how the deuce did he know that I had come from Afghanistan?
Stamford: That's just his little peculiarity. A good many people have wanted to know how he finds things out.
###
Watson: You appear to be astonished, Now that I do know it I shall do my best to forget it.
Holmes: To forget it!
Watson: You see, I consider that a man's brain originally is like a little empty attic, and you have to stock it with such furniture as you choose. A fool takes in all the lumber of every sort that he comes across, so that the knowledge which might be useful to him gets crowded out, or at best is jumbled up with a lot of other things so that he has a difficulty in laying his hands upon it. Now the skilful workman is very careful indeed as to what he takes into his brain-attic. He will have nothing but the tools which may help him in doing his work, but of these he has a large assortment, and all in the most perfect order. It is a mistake to think that that little room has elastic walls and can distend to any extent. Depend upon it there comes a time when for every addition of knowledge you forget something that you knew before. It is of the highest importance, therefore, not to have useless facts elbowing out the useful ones.
Watson: But the Solar System!
Holmes: What the deuce is it to me? you say that we go round the sun. If we went round the moon it would not make a pennyworth of difference to me or to my work.
Watson: I was on the point of asking him what that work might be, but something in his manner showed me that the question would be an unwelcome one. I pondered over our short conversation, however, and endeavoured to draw my deductions from it. He said that he would acquire no knowledge which did not bear upon his object. Therefore all the knowledge which he possessed was such as would be useful to him. I enumerated in my own mind all the various points upon which he had shown me that he was exceptionally well-informed. I even took a pencil and jotted them down. I could not help smiling at the document when I had completed it. It ran in this way-- Sherlock Holmes- his limits.
###
Writer: From a drop of water, a logician could infer the possibility of an Atlantic or a Niagara without having seen or heard of one or the other. So all life is a great chain, the nature of which is known whenever we are shown a single link of it. Like all other arts, the Science of Deduction and Analysis is one which can only be acquired by long and patient study nor is life long enough to allow any mortal to attain the highest possible perfection in it. Before turning to those moral and mental aspects of the matter which present the greatest difficulties, let the enquirer begin by mastering more elementary problems. Let him, on meeting a fellow-mortal, learn at a glance to distinguish the history of the man, and the trade or profession to which he belongs. Puerile as such an exercise may seem, it sharpens the faculties of observation, and teaches one where to look and what to look for. By a man's finger nails, by his coat-sleeve, by his boot, by his trouser knees, by the callosities of his forefinger and thumb, by his expression, by his shirt cuffs--by each of these things a man's calling is plainly revealed. That all united should fail to enlighten the competent enquirer in any case is almost inconceivable.
Watson: What ineffable twaddle! I never read such rubbish in my life.
Holmes: What is it?
Watson: Why, this article. I see that you have read it since you have marked it. I don't deny that it is smartly written. It irritates me though. It is evidently the theory of some arm-chair lounger who evolves all these neat little paradoxes in the seclusion of his own study. It is not practical. I should like to see him clapped down in a third class carriage on the Underground, and asked to give the trades of all his fellow-travellers. I would lay a thousand to one against him.
###
Holmes: You would lose your money. As for the article I wrote it myself.
Watson: You!
Holmes: Yes, I have a turn both for observation and for deduction. The theories which I have expressed there, and which appear to you to be so chimerical are really extremely practical--so practical that I depend upon them for my bread and cheese.
Watson: And how?
Holmes: Well, I have a trade of my own. I suppose I am the only one in the world. I'm a consulting detective, if you can understand what that is. Here in London we have lots of Government detectives and lots of private ones. When these fellows are at fault they come to me, and I manage to put them on the right scent. They lay all the evidence before me, and I am generally able, by the help of my knowledge of the history of crime, to set them straight. There is a strong family resemblance about misdeeds, and if you have all the details of a thousand at your finger ends, it is odd if you can't unravel the thousand and first. Lestrade is a well-known detective. He got himself into a fog recently over a forgery case, and that was what brought him here.
Watson: And these other people?
Holmes: They are mostly sent on by private inquiry agencies. They are all people who are in trouble about something, and want a little enlightening. I listen to their story, they listen to my comments, and then I pocket my fee.
Watson: But do you mean to say that without leaving your room you can unravel some knot which other men can make nothing of, although they have seen every detail for themselves?
###
Watson: But do you mean to say, that without leaving your room you can unravel some knot which other men can make nothing of, although they have seen every detail for themselves?
Holmes: Quite so. I have a kind of intuition that way. Now and again a case turns up which is a little more complex. Then I have to bustle about and see things with my own eyes. You see I have a lot of special knowledge which I apply to the problem, and which facilitates matters wonderfully. Those rules of deduction laid down in that article which aroused your scorn, are invaluable to me in practical work. Observation with me is second nature. You appeared to be surprised when I told you, on our first meeting, that you had come from Afghanistan.
Watson: You were told, no doubt.
Holmes: Nothing of the sort. I knew you came from Afghanistan. From long habit the train of thoughts ran so swiftly through my mind, that I arrived at the conclusion without being conscious of intermediate steps. There were such steps, however. The train of reasoning ran, 'Here is a gentleman of a medical type, but with the air of a military man. Clearly an army doctor, then. He has just come from the tropics, for his face is dark, and that is not the natural tint of his skin, for his wrists are fair. He has undergone hardship and sickness, as his haggard face says clearly. His left arm has been injured. He holds it in a stiff and unnatural manner. Where in the tropics could an English army doctor have seen much hardship and got his arm wounded? Clearly in Afghanistan.' The whole train of thought did not occupy a second. I then remarked that you came from Afghanistan, and you were astonished.
Watson: It is simple enough as you explain it, I said, smiling. You remind me of Edgar Allen Poe's Dupin. I had no idea that such individuals did exist outside of stories.
###
Watson: It is simple enough as you explain it, You remind me of Edgar Allen Poe's Dupin. I had no idea that such individuals did exist outside of stories.
Holmes: No doubt you think that you are complimenting me in comparing me to Dupin, Now, in my opinion, Dupin was a very inferior fellow. That trick of his of breaking in on his friends' thoughts with an apropos remark after a quarter of an hour's silence is really very showy and superficial. He had some analytical genius, no doubt; but he was by no means such a phenomenon as Poe appeared to imagine.
Watson: Have you read Gaboriau's works? Does Lecoq come up to your idea of a detective?
Holmes: Lecoq was a miserable bungler, he had only one thing to recommend him, and that was his energy. That book made me positively ill. The question was how to identify an unknown prisoner. I could have done it in twenty-four hours. Lecoq took six months or so. It might be made a text-book for detectives to teach them what to avoid.
Watson: This fellow may be very clever, but he is certainly very conceited.
Holmes: There are no crimes and no criminals in these days, What is the use of having brains in our profession? I know well that I have it in me to make my name famous. No man lives or has ever lived who has brought the same amount of study and of natural talent to the detection of crime which I have done. And what is the result? There is no crime to detect, or, at most, some bungling villany with a motive so transparent that even a Scotland Yard official can see through it.
Watson: I was still annoyed at his bumptious style of conversation. I thought it best to change the topic.
###
Watson: I wonder what that fellow is looking for?
Holmes: You mean the retired sergeant of Marines.
Watson: May I ask, my lad, what your trade may be?
Commissionaire: Commissionaire, sir. Uniform away for repairs.
Watson: And you were?
Commissionaire: A sergeant, sir, Royal Marine Light Infantry, sir. No answer? Right, sir.
###
Watson: How in the world did you deduce that?
Holmes: Deduce what?
Watson: Why, that he was a retired sergeant of Marines.
Holmes: I have no time for trifles, Excuse my rudeness. You broke the thread of my thoughts; but perhaps it is as well. So you actually were not able to see that that man was a sergeant of Marines?
Watson: No, indeed.
Holmes: It was easier to know it than to explain why I knew it. If you were asked to prove that two and two made four, you might find some difficulty, and yet you are quite sure of the fact. Even across the street I could see a great blue anchor tattooed on the back of the fellow's hand. That smacked of the sea. He had a military carriage, however, and regulation side whiskers. There we have the marine. He was a man with some amount of self-importance and a certain air of command. You must have observed the way in which he held his head and swung his cane. A steady, respectable, middle-aged man, too, on the face of him--all facts which led me to believe that he had been a sergeant.
Watson: Wonderful!
Holmes: Commonplace, I said just now that there were no criminals. It appears that I am wrong--look at this! Why, this is terrible! It does seem to be a little out of the common. Would you mind reading it to me aloud?
###
Watson: Why, I cried, as I cast my eye over it, this is terrible!
Holmes: It does seem to be a little out of the common, Would you mind reading it to me aloud?
Watson: My dear Mr. Sherlock Holmes: There has been a bad business during the night at 3, Lauriston Gardens, off the Brixton Road. Our man on the beat saw a light there about two in the morning, and as the house was an empty one, suspected that something was amiss. He found the door open, and in the front room, which is bare of furniture, discovered the body of a gentleman, well dressed, and having cards in his pocket bearing the name of 'Enoch J. Drebber, Cleveland, Ohio, U.S.A.' There had been no robbery, nor is there any evidence as to how the man met his death. There are marks of blood in the room, but there is no wound upon his person. We are at a loss as to how he came into the empty house; indeed, the whole affair is a puzzler. If you can come round to the house any time before twelve, you will find me there. I have left everything in statu quo until I hear from you. If you are unable to come I shall give you fuller details, and would esteem it a great kindness if you would favour me with your opinion. Yours faithfully, Tobias Gregson.
Holmes: Gregson is the smartest of the Scotland Yarders, he and Lestrade are the pick of a bad lot. They are both quick and energetic, but conventional--shockingly so. They have their knives into one another, too. They are as jealous as a pair of professional beauties. There will be some fun over this case if they are both put upon the scent.
Watson: Surely there is not a moment to be lost, shall I go and order you a cab?
Holmes: I'm not sure about whether I shall go. I am the most incurably lazy devil that ever stood in shoe leather--that is, when the fit is on me, for I can be spry enough at times.
Watson: Why, it is just such a chance as you have been longing for.
###
Watson: I'm not sure about whether I shall go. I am the most incurably lazy devil that ever stood in shoe leather--that is, when the fit is on me, for I can be spry enough at times.
Holmes: Why, it is just such a chance as you have been longing for.
Watson: My dear fellow, what does it matter to me. Supposing I unravel the whole matter, you may be sure that Gregson, Lestrade, and Co. will pocket all the credit. That comes of being an unofficial personage.
Holmes: But he begs you to help him.
Watson: Yes. He knows that I am his superior, and acknowledges it to me; but he would cut his tongue out before he would own it to any third person. However, we may as well go and have a look. I shall work it out on my own hook. I may have a laugh at them if I have nothing else. Come on!
Holmes: Get your hat.
Watson: You wish me to come?
Holmes: Yes, if you have nothing better to do.
Watson: You don't seem to give much thought to the matter in hand.
Holmes: No data yet. It is a capital mistake to theorize before you have all the evidence. It biases the judgment.
Watson: You will have your data soon, this is the Brixton Road, and that is the house, if I am not very much mistaken.
Holmes: So it is. Stop, driver, stop!
###
Watson: So it is. Stop, driver, stop!
Holmes: We were still a hundred yards or so from it, but he insisted upon our alighting, and we finished our journey upon foot. Number 3, Lauriston Gardens wore an ill-omened and minatory look. It was one of four which stood back some little way from the street, two being occupied and two empty. The latter looked out with three tiers of vacant melancholy windows, which were blank and dreary, save that here and there a "To Let" card had developed like a cataract upon the bleared panes. A small garden sprinkled over with a scattered eruption of sickly plants separated each of these houses from the street, and was traversed by a narrow pathway, yellowish in colour, and consisting apparently of a mixture of clay and of gravel. The whole place was very sloppy from the rain which had fallen through the night. The garden was bounded by a three-foot brick wall with a fringe of wood rails upon the top, and against this wall was leaning a stalwart police constable, surrounded by a small knot of loafers, who craned their necks and strained their eyes in the vain hope of catching some glimpse of the proceedings within.
###
Watson: I had imagined that Sherlock Holmes would at once have hurried into the house and plunged into a study of the mystery. Nothing appeared to be further from his intention. With an air of nonchalance which, under the circumstances, seemed to me to border upon affectation, he lounged up and down the pavement, and gazed vacantly at the ground, the sky, the opposite houses and the line of railings. Having finished his scrutiny, he proceeded slowly down the path, or rather down the fringe of grass which flanked the path, keeping his eyes riveted upon the ground. Twice he stopped, and once I saw him smile, and heard him utter an exclamation of satisfaction. There were many marks of footsteps upon the wet clayey soil, but since the police had been coming and going over it, I was unable to see how my companion could hope to learn anything from it. Still I had had such extraordinary evidence of the quickness of his perceptive faculties, that I had no doubt that he could see a great deal which was hidden from me.
Gregson: It is indeed kind of you to come, I have had everything left untouched.
Holmes: Except that! If a herd of buffaloes had passed along there could not be a greater mess. No doubt, however, you had drawn your own conclusions, Gregson, before you permitted this.
Gregson: I have had so much to do inside the house, My colleague, Mr. Lestrade, is here. I had relied upon him to look after this.
Holmes: With two such men as yourself and Lestrade upon the ground, there will not be much for a third party to find out.
Gregson: I think we have done all that can be done, it's a queer case though, and I knew your taste for such things.
###
Gregson: I think we have done all that can be done, it's a queer case though, and I knew your taste for such things.
Holmes: You did not come here in a cab?
Gregson: No, sir.
Holmes: Nor Lestrade?
Gregson: No, sir.
Holmes: Then let us go and look at the room.
Gregson: *expressed astonishment*
Watson: *followed Holmes into the house*
Watson: *subdued feeling at my heart which the presence of death inspires*
Watson: *observing the room*
Watson: It was a large square room, looking all the larger from the absence of all furniture. A vulgar flaring paper adorned the walls, but it was blotched in places with mildew, and here and there great strips had become detached and hung down, exposing the yellow plaster beneath. Opposite the door was a showy fireplace, surmounted by a mantelpiece of imitation white marble. On one corner of this was stuck the stump of a red wax candle. The solitary window was so dirty that the light was hazy and uncertain, giving a dull grey tinge to everything, which was intensified by the thick layer of dust which coated the whole apartment.
###
Watson: This case will make a stir, sir. It beats anything I have seen, and I am no chicken.
Gregson: There is no clue?
Lestrade: None at all.
Holmes: You are sure that there is no wound?
Detectives: Positive!
Holmes: Then, of course, this blood belongs to a second individual--presumably the murderer, if murder has been committed. It reminds me of the circumstances attendant on the death of Van Jansen, in Utrecht, in the year '34. Do you remember the case, Gregson?
###
Holmes: Then, of course, this blood belongs to a second individual--presumably the murderer, if murder has been committed. It reminds me of the circumstances attendant on the death of Van Jansen, in Utrecht, in the year '34. Do you remember the case, Gregson?
Gregson: No, sir.
Holmes: Read it up--you really should. There is nothing new under the sun. It has all been done before.
Holmes: He has not been moved at all?
Gregson: No more than was necessary for the purposes of our examination.
Holmes: You can take him to the mortuary now. There is nothing more to be learned.
Lestrade: There's been a woman here. It's a woman's wedding-ring.
Gregson: This complicates matters. Heaven knows, they were complicated enough before.
Holmes: You're sure it doesn't simplify them? There's nothing to be learned by staring at it. What did you find in his pockets?
###
Gregson: This complicates matters. Heaven knows, they were complicated enough before.
Holmes: You're sure it doesn't simplify them? There's nothing to be learned by staring at it. What did you find in his pockets?
Gregson: We have it all here. A gold watch, No. 97163, by Barraud, of London. Gold Albert chain, very heavy and solid. Gold ring, with masonic device. Gold pin--bull-dog's head, with rubies as eyes. Russian leather card-case, with cards of Enoch J. Drebber of Cleveland, corresponding with the E. J. D. upon the linen. No purse, but loose money to the extent of seven pounds thirteen. Pocket edition of Boccaccio's 'Decameron,' with name of Joseph Stangerson upon the fly-leaf. Two letters--one addressed to E. J. Drebber and one to Joseph Stangerson.
Holmes: At what address?
Gregson: American Exchange, Strand--to be left till called for. They are both from the Guion Steamship Company, and refer to the sailing of their boats from Liverpool. It is clear that this unfortunate man was about to return to New York.
Holmes: Have you made any inquiries as to this man, Stangerson?
Gregson: I did it at once, sir. I have had advertisements sent to all the newspapers, and one of my men has gone to the American Exchange, but he has not returned yet.
Holmes: Have you sent to Cleveland?
Gregson: We telegraphed this morning.
Holmes: How did you word your inquiries?
Gregson: We simply detailed the circumstances, and said that we should be glad of any information which could help us.
Holmes: You did not ask for particulars on any point which appeared to you to be crucial?
Gregson: I asked about Stangerson.
Holmes: Nothing else? Is there no circumstance on which this whole case appears to hinge? Will you not telegraph again?
Gregson: I have said all I have to say.
###
Watson: I asked about Stangerson. Nothing else? Is there no circumstance on which this whole case appears to hinge? Will you not telegraph again?
Gregson: I have said all I have to say.
Holmes: Mr. Gregson, I have just made a discovery of the highest importance, and one which would have been overlooked had I not made a careful examination of the walls.
Lestrade: Come here. Now, stand there! Look at that! What do you think of that? This was overlooked because it was in the darkest corner of the room, and no one thought of looking there. The murderer has written it with his or her own blood. See this smear where it has trickled down the wall! That disposes of the idea of suicide anyhow. Why was that corner chosen to write it on? I will tell you. See that candle on the mantelpiece. It was lit at the time, and if it was lit this corner would be the brightest instead of the darkest portion of the wall.
Gregson: And what does it mean now that you have found it?
###
Gregson: And what does it mean now that you have found it?
Holmes: Mean? Why, it means that the writer was going to put the female name Rachel, but was disturbed before he or she had time to finish. You mark my words, when this case comes to be cleared up you will find that a woman named Rachel has something to do with it. It's all very well for you to laugh, Mr. Sherlock Holmes. You may be very smart and clever, but the old hound is the best, when all is said and done.
Holmes: I really beg your pardon! You certainly have the credit of being the first of us to find this out, and, as you say, it bears every mark of having been written by the other participant in last night's mystery. I have not had time to examine this room yet, but with your permission I shall do so now.
###
Holmes: They say that genius is an infinite capacity for taking pains. It's a very bad definition, but it does apply to detective work.
Gregson: What do you think of it, sir?
Lestrade: What do you think of it, sir?
###
Watson: What do you think of it, sir?
Holmes: It would be robbing you of the credit of the case if I was to presume to help you. You are doing so well now that it would be a pity for anyone to interfere. If you will let me know how your investigations go, I shall be happy to give you any help I can. In the meantime I should like to speak to the constable who found the body. Can you give me his name and address?
Lestrade: John Rance. He is off duty now. You will find him at 46, Audley Court, Kennington Park Gate.
Holmes: Come along, Doctor, we shall go and look him up. I'll tell you one thing which may help you in the case. There has been murder done, and the murderer was a man. He was more than six feet high, was in the prime of life, had small feet for his height, wore coarse, square-toed boots and smoked a Trichinopoly cigar. He came here with his victim in a four-wheeled cab, which was drawn by a horse with three old shoes and one new one on his off fore leg. In all probability the murderer had a florid face, and the finger-nails of his right hand were remarkably long. These are only a few indications, but they may assist you.
Lestrade: If this man was murdered, how was it done?
Holmes: Poison. One other thing, Lestrade, 'Rache,' is the German for 'revenge;' so don't lose your time looking for Miss Rachel.
Holmes: What John Rance Had To Tell
###
Holmes: With which Parthian shot he walked away, leaving the two rivals open-mouthed behind him.
Holmes: There is nothing like first hand evidence, as a matter of fact, my mind is entirely made up upon the case, but still we may as well learn all that is to be learned.
Watson: You amaze me, Holmes. Surely you are not as sure as you pretend to be of all those particulars which you gave.
Holmes: There's no room for a mistake. The very first thing which I observed on arriving there was that a cab had made two ruts with its wheels close to the curb. Now, up to last night, we have had no rain for a week, so that those wheels which left such a deep impression must have been there during the night. There were the marks of the horse's hoofs, too, the outline of one of which was far more clearly cut than that of the other three, showing that that was a new shoe. Since the cab was there after the rain began, and was not there at any time during the morning--I have Gregson's word for that--it follows that it must have been there during the night, and, therefore, that it brought those two individuals to the house.
Watson: That seems simple enough, but how about the other man's height?
Holmes: Why, the height of a man, in nine cases out of ten, can be told from the length of his stride. It is a simple calculation enough, though there is no use my boring you with figures. I had this fellow's stride both on the clay outside and on the dust within. Then I had a way of checking my calculation. When a man writes on a wall, his instinct leads him to write about the level of his own eyes. Now that writing was just over six feet from the ground. It was child's play.
Watson: And his age?
###
Watson: And his age?
Holmes: Well, if a man can stride four and a-half feet without the smallest effort, he can't be quite in the sere and yellow. That was the breadth of a puddle on the garden walk which he had evidently walked across. Patent-leather boots had gone round, and Square-toes had hopped over. There is no mystery about it at all. I am simply applying to ordinary life a few of those precepts of observation and deduction which I advocated in that article. Is there anything else that puzzles you?
Watson: The finger nails and the Trichinopoly.
Holmes: The writing on the wall was done with a man's forefinger dipped in blood. My glass allowed me to observe that the plaster was slightly scratched in doing it, which would not have been the case if the man's nail had been trimmed. I gathered up some scattered ash from the floor. It was dark in colour and flakey--such an ash as is only made by a Trichinopoly. I have made a special study of cigar ashes--in fact, I have written a monograph upon the subject. I flatter myself that I can distinguish at a glance the ash of any known brand, either of cigar or of tobacco. It is just in such details that the skilled detective differs from the Gregson and Lestrade type.
Watson: And the florid face?
Holmes: Ah, that was a more daring shot, though I have no doubt that I was right. You must not ask me that at the present state of the affair.
Watson: My head is in a whirl, the more one thinks of it the more mysterious it grows. How came these two men--if there were two men--into an empty house? What has become of the cabman who drove them? How could one man compel another to take poison? Where did the blood come from? What was the object of the murderer, since robbery had no part in it? How came the woman's ring there? Above all, why should the second man write up the German word RACHE before decamping? I confess that I cannot see any possible way of reconciling all these facts.
Holmes: My companion smiled approvingly.
###
Watson: You sum up the difficulties of the situation succinctly and well. There is much that is still obscure, though I have quite made up my mind on the main facts. As to poor Lestrade's discovery it was simply a blind intended to put the police upon a wrong track, by suggesting Socialism and secret societies. It was not done by a German. The A, if you noticed, was printed somewhat after the German fashion. Now, a real German invariably prints in the Latin character, so that we may safely say that this was not written by one, but by a clumsy imitator who overdid his part. It was simply a ruse to divert inquiry into a wrong channel. I'm not going to tell you much more of the case, Doctor. You know a conjuror gets no credit when once he has explained his trick, and if I show you too much of my method of working, you will come to the conclusion that I am a very ordinary individual after all.
Holmes: I shall never do that, you have brought detection as near an exact science as it ever will be brought in this world.
Watson: My companion flushed up with pleasure at my words, and the earnest way in which I uttered them. I had already observed that he was as sensitive to flattery on the score of his art as any girl could be of her beauty.
###
Holmes: I'll tell you one other thing. Patent-leathers and Square-toes came in the same cab, and they walked down the pathway together as friendly as possible--arm-in-arm, in all probability. When they got inside they walked up and down the room--or rather, Patent-leathers stood still while Square-toes walked up and down. I could read all that in the dust; and I could read that as he walked he grew more and more excited. That is shown by the increased length of his strides. He was talking all the while, and working himself up, no doubt, into a fury. Then the tragedy occurred. I've told you all I know myself now, for the rest is mere surmise and conjecture. We have a good working basis, however, on which to start. We must hurry up, for I want to go to Halle's concert to hear Norman Neruda this afternoon.
Driver: That's Audley Court in there. You'll find me here when you come back.
Driver: I made my report at the office.
###
Watson: He appeared presently, looking a little irritable at being disturbed in his slumbers. "I made my report at the office," he said.
Holmes: We thought that we should like to hear it all from your own lips.
Constable Rance: I shall be most happy to tell you anything I can.
Holmes: Just let us hear it all in your own way as it occurred.
Constable Rance: I'll tell it ye from the beginning. My time is from ten at night to six in the morning. At eleven there was a fight at the 'White Hart'; but bar that all was quiet enough on the beat. At one o'clock it began to rain, and I met Harry Murcher--him who has the Holland Grove beat--and we stood together at the corner of Henrietta Street a-talkin'. Presently--maybe about two or a little after--I thought I would take a look round and see that all was right down the Brixton Road. It was precious dirty and lonely. Not a soul did I meet all the way down, though a cab or two went past me. I was a strollin' down, thinkin' between ourselves how uncommon handy a four of gin hot would be, when suddenly the glint of a light caught my eye in the window of that same house. Now, I knew that them two houses in Lauriston Gardens was empty on account of him that owns them who won't have the drains seed to, though the very last tenant what lived in one of them died o' typhoid fever. I was knocked all in a heap therefore at seeing a light in the window, and I suspected as something was wrong. When I got to the door--
Holmes: You stopped, and then walked back to the garden gate. What did you do that for?
Constable Rance: Rance gave a violent jump, and stared at Sherlock Holmes with the utmost amazement upon his features.
###
Holmes: You stopped, and then walked back to the garden gate. What did you do that for?
Rance: Why, that's true, sir, though how you come to know it, Heaven only knows. Ye see, when I got up to the door it was so still and so lonesome, that I thought I'd be none the worse for some one with me. I ain't afeared of anything on this side o' the grave; but I thought that maybe it was him that died o' the typhoid inspecting the drains what killed him. The thought gave me a kind o' turn, and I walked back to the gate to see if I could see Murcher's lantern, but there wasn't no sign of him nor of anyone else. There was no one in the street?
Holmes: Not a livin' soul, sir, nor as much as a dog. Then I pulled myself together and went back and pushed the door open. All was quiet inside, so I went into the room where the light was a-burnin'. There was a candle flickerin' on the mantelpiece--a red wax one--and by its light I saw--
Holmes: Yes, I know all that you saw. You walked round the room several times, and you knelt down by the body, and then you walked through and tried the kitchen door, and then--
Rance: Where was you hid to see all that? It seems to me that you knows a deal more than you should.
Holmes: Don't get arresting me for the murder. I am one of the hounds and not the wolf; Mr. Gregson or Mr. Lestrade will answer for that. Go on, though. What did you do next?
Rance: I went back to the gate and sounded my whistle. That brought Murcher and two more to the spot. Was the street empty then?
Rance: Well, it was, as far as anybody that could be of any good goes. What do you mean?
###
Watson: Was the street empty then?
Constable: Well, it was, as far as anybody that could be of any good goes.
Watson: What do you mean?
Constable: I've seen many a drunk chap in my time, but never anyone so cryin' drunk as that cove. He was at the gate when I came out, a-leanin' up ag'in the railings, and a-singin' at the pitch o' his lungs about Columbine's New-fangled Banner, or some such stuff. He couldn't stand, far less help.
Holmes: What sort of a man was he?
Constable: He was an uncommon drunk sort o' man. He'd ha' found hisself in the station if we hadn't been so took up.
Holmes: His face--his dress--didn't you notice them?
Constable: I should think I did notice them, seeing that I had to prop him up--me and Murcher between us. He was a long chap, with a red face, the lower part muffled round--
Holmes: That will do. What became of him?
Constable: We'd enough to do without lookin' after him. I'll wager he found his way home all right.
Holmes: How was he dressed?
Constable: A brown overcoat.
Holmes: Had he a whip in his hand?
Constable: A whip- no.
Holmes: He must have left it behind. You didn't happen to see or hear a cab after that?
Constable: No.
Holmes: There's a half-sovereign for you. I am afraid, Rance, that you will never rise in the force. That head of yours should be for use as well as ornament. You might have gained your sergeant's stripes last night. The man whom you held in your hands is the man who holds the clue of this mystery, and whom we are seeking. There is no use of arguing about it now; I tell you that it is so. Come along, Doctor.
###
Holmes: The blundering fool. Just to think of his having such an incomparable bit of good luck, and not taking advantage of it.
Watson: I am rather in the dark still. It is true that the description of this man tallies with your idea of the second party in this mystery. But why should he come back to the house after leaving it? That is not the way of criminals.
Holmes: The ring, man, the ring: that was what he came back for. If we have no other way of catching him, we can always bait our line with the ring. I shall have him, Doctor--I'll lay you two to one that I have him. I must thank you for it all. I might not have gone but for you, and so have missed the finest study I ever came across: a study in scarlet, eh? Why shouldn't we use a little art jargon. There's the scarlet thread of murder running through the colourless skein of life, and our duty is to unravel it, and isolate it, and expose every inch of it. And now for lunch, and then for Norman Neruda. Her attack and her bowing are splendid. What's that little thing of Chopin's she plays so magnificently: Tra-la-la-lira-lira-lay. Leaning back in the cab, this amateur bloodhound carolled away like a lark while I meditated upon the many-sidedness of the human mind.
###
Watson: He was very late in returning--so late, that I knew that the concert could not have detained him all the time. Dinner was on the table before he appeared.
Holmes: It was magnificent, Do you remember what Darwin says about music? He claims that the power of producing and appreciating it existed among the human race long before the power of speech was arrived at. Perhaps that is why we are so subtly influenced by it. There are vague memories in our souls of those misty centuries when the world was in its childhood.
Watson: That's rather a broad idea.
Holmes: One's ideas must be as broad as Nature if they are to interpret Nature, What's the matter? You're not looking quite yourself. This Brixton Road affair has upset you.
Watson: To tell the truth, it has, I ought to be more case-hardened after my Afghan experiences. I saw my own comrades hacked to pieces at Maiwand without losing my nerve.
Holmes: I can understand. There is a mystery about this which stimulates the imagination; where there is no imagination there is no horror. Have you seen the evening paper?
Watson: No.
Holmes: It gives a fairly good account of the affair. It does not mention the fact that when the man was raised up, a woman's wedding ring fell upon the floor. It is just as well it does not.
Watson: Why?
Holmes: Look at this advertisement, I had one sent to every paper this morning immediately after the affair.
Watson: Excuse my using your name, If I used my own some of these dunderheads would recognize it, and want to meddle in the affair.
Holmes: That is all right, But supposing anyone applies, I have no ring.
###
Holmes: Excuse my using your name. If I used my own some of these dunderheads would recognize it, and want to meddle in the affair.
Watson: That is all right. But supposing anyone applies, I have no ring.
Holmes: Oh yes, you have. This will do very well. It is almost a facsimile.
Watson: And who do you expect will answer this advertisement?
Holmes: Why, the man in the brown coat--our florid friend with the square toes. If he does not come himself he will send an accomplice.
Watson: Would he not consider it as too dangerous?
Holmes: Not at all. If my view of the case is correct, and I have every reason to believe that it is, this man would rather risk anything than lose the ring. According to my notion he dropped it while stooping over Drebber's body, and did not miss it at the time. After leaving the house he discovered his loss and hurried back, but found the police already in possession, owing to his own folly in leaving the candle burning. He had to pretend to be drunk in order to allay the suspicions which might have been aroused by his appearance at the gate. Now put yourself in that man's place. On thinking the matter over, it must have occurred to him that it was possible that he had lost the ring in the road after leaving the house. What would he do, then? He would eagerly look out for the evening papers in the hope of seeing it among the articles found. His eye, of course, would light upon this. He would be overjoyed. Why should he fear a trap? There would be no reason in his eyes why the finding of the ring should be connected with the murder. He would come. He will come. You shall see him within an hour.
Watson: And then?
Holmes: Oh, you can leave me to deal with him then. Have you any arms?
Watson: I have my old service revolver and a few cartridges.
Holmes: You had better clean it and load it. He will be a desperate man, and though I shall take him unawares, it is as well to be ready for anything.
###
Watson: I have my old service revolver and a few cartridges.
Holmes: You had better clean it and load it. He will be a desperate man, and though I shall take him unawares, it is as well to be ready for anything.
Watson: The plot thickens, I have just had an answer to my American telegram. My view of the case is the correct one.
Holmes: My fiddle would be the better for new strings. Put your pistol in your pocket. When the fellow comes speak to him in an ordinary way. Leave the rest to me. Don't frighten him by looking at him too hard.
Watson: It is eight o'clock now.
Holmes: Yes. He will probably be here in a few minutes. Open the door slightly. That will do. Now put the key on the inside. Thank you! This is a queer old book I picked up at a stall yesterday--De Jure inter Gentes--published in Latin at Liege in the Lowlands, in 1642. Charles' head was still firm on his shoulders when this little brown-backed volume was struck off.
Watson: Who is the printer?
Holmes: Philippe de Croy, whoever he may have been. On the fly-leaf, in very faded ink, is written 'Ex libris Guliolmi Whyte.' I wonder who William Whyte was. Some pragmatical seventeenth century lawyer, I suppose. His writing has a legal twist about it. Here comes our man, I think.
###
Holmes: Does Dr. Watson live here?
Unknown: It's this as has brought me, good gentlemen, a gold wedding ring in the Brixton Road. It belongs to my girl Sally, as was married only this time twelvemonth, which her husband is steward aboard a Union boat, and what he'd say if he comes 'ome and found her without her ring is more than I can think, he being short enough at the best o' times, but more especially when he has the drink. If it please you, she went to the circus last night along with--
Watson: Is that her ring?
Unknown: The Lord be thanked! Sally will be a glad woman this night. That's the ring.
Watson: And what may your address be?
Unknown: 13, Duncan Street, Houndsditch. A weary way from here.
Holmes: The Brixton Road does not lie between any circus and Houndsditch.
###
Watson: And what may your address be?
Old Woman: 13, Duncan Street, Houndsditch. A weary way from here.
Holmes: The Brixton Road does not lie between any circus and Houndsditch.
Old Woman: The gentleman asked me for my address. Sally lives in lodgings at 3, Mayfield Place, Peckham.
Old Woman: My name is Sawyer--her's is Dennis, which Tom Dennis married her--and a smart, clean lad, too, as long as he's at sea, and no steward in the company more thought of; but when on shore, what with the women and what with liquor shops--
Watson: Here is your ring, Mrs. Sawyer, it clearly belongs to your daughter, and I am glad to be able to restore it to the rightful owner.
Watson: I'll follow her, she must be an accomplice, and will lead me to him. Wait up for me.
###
Watson: What is it then?
Holmes: Oh, I don't mind telling a story against myself. That creature had gone a little way when she began to limp and show every sign of being foot-sore. Presently she came to a halt, and hailed a four-wheeler which was passing. I managed to be close to her so as to hear the address, but I need not have been so anxious, for she sang it out loud enough to be heard at the other side of the street, 'Drive to 13, Duncan Street, Houndsditch,' she cried. This begins to look genuine, I thought, and having seen her safely inside, I perched myself behind. That's an art which every detective should be an expert at. Well, away we rattled, and never drew rein until we reached the street in question. I hopped off before we came to the door, and strolled down the street in an easy, lounging way. I saw the cab pull up. The driver jumped down, and I saw him open the door and stand expectantly. Nothing came out though. When I reached him he was groping about frantically in the empty cab, and giving vent to the finest assorted collection of oaths that ever I listened to. There was no sign or trace of his passenger, and I fear it will be some time before he gets his fare. On inquiring at Number 13 we found that the house belonged to a respectable paperhanger, named Keswick, and that no one of the name either of Sawyer or Dennis had ever been heard of there.
Watson: You don't mean to say that that tottering, feeble old woman was able to get out of the cab while it was in motion, without either you or the driver seeing her?
###
Watson: You don't mean to say, that that tottering, feeble old woman was able to get out of the cab while it was in motion, without either you or the driver seeing her?
Holmes: Old woman be damned! We were the old women to be so taken in. It must have been a young man, and an active one, too, besides being an incomparable actor. The get-up was inimitable. He saw that he was followed, no doubt, and used this means of giving me the slip. It shows that the man we are after is not as lonely as I imagined he was, but has friends who are ready to risk something for him. Now, Doctor, you are looking done-up. Take my advice and turn in.
Watson: I was certainly feeling very weary, so I obeyed his injunction. I left Holmes seated in front of the smouldering fire, and long into the watches of the night I heard the low, melancholy wailings of his violin, and knew that he was still pondering over the strange problem which he had set himself to unravel.
###
Watson: I told you that, whatever happened, Lestrade and Gregson would be sure to score.
Holmes: That depends on how it turns out.
Watson: Oh, bless you, it doesn't matter in the least. If the man is caught, it will be on account of their exertions; if he escapes, it will be in spite of their exertions. It's heads I win and tails you lose. Whatever they do, they will have followers. 'Un sot trouve toujours un plus sot qui l'admire.'
Watson: What on earth is this?
Holmes: It's the Baker Street division of the detective police force.
Holmes: 'Tention! In future you shall send up Wiggins alone to report, and the rest of you must wait in the street. Have you found it, Wiggins?
Wiggins: No, sir, we hain't.
###
Youth: No, sir, we hain't.
Holmes: I hardly expected you would. You must keep on until you do. Here are your wages. Now, off you go, and come back with a better report next time.
Holmes: There's more work to be got out of one of those little beggars than out of a dozen of the force. The mere sight of an official-looking person seals men's lips. These youngsters, however, go everywhere and hear everything. They are as sharp as needles, too; all they want is organisation.
Watson: Is it on this Brixton case that you are employing them?
Holmes: Yes; there is a point which I wish to ascertain. It is merely a matter of time. Hullo! we are going to hear some news now with a vengeance! Here is Gregson coming down the road with beatitude written upon every feature of his face. Bound for us, I know. Yes, he is stopping. There he is!
Gregson: My dear fellow, congratulate me! I have made the whole thing as clear as day.
Holmes: Do you mean that you are on the right track?
Gregson: The right track! Why, sir, we have the man under lock and key.
Gregson: Arthur Charpentier, sub-lieutenant in Her Majesty's navy.
Holmes: Take a seat, and try one of these cigars. We are anxious to know how you managed it. Will you have some whiskey and water?
###
Holmes: Take a seat, and try one of these cigars. We are anxious to know how you managed it. Will you have some whiskey and water?
Detective: I don't mind if I do. The tremendous exertions which I have gone through during the last day or two have worn me out. Not so much bodily exertion, you understand, as the strain upon the mind. You will appreciate that, Mr. Sherlock Holmes, for we are both brain-workers.
Holmes: You do me too much honour. Let us hear how you arrived at this most gratifying result.
Detective: The fun of it is that that fool Lestrade, who thinks himself so smart, has gone off upon the wrong track altogether. He is after the secretary Stangerson, who had no more to do with the crime than the babe unborn. I have no doubt that he has caught him by this time.
Detective: And how did you get your clue?
Holmes: Ah, I'll tell you all about it. Of course, Doctor Watson, this is strictly between ourselves. The first difficulty which we had to contend with was the finding of this American's antecedents. Some people would have waited until their advertisements were answered, or until parties came forward and volunteered information. That is not Tobias Gregson's way of going to work. You remember the hat beside the dead man?
Holmes: Yes, by John Underwood and Sons, 129, Camberwell Road.
Gregson: I had no idea that you noticed that. Have you been there?
Holmes: No.
Gregson: Ha! you should never neglect a chance, however small it may seem.
Holmes: To a great mind, nothing is little.
###
Holmes: I had no idea that you noticed that. Have you been there?
Watson: No.
Gregson: Ha! you should never neglect a chance, however small it may seem.
Holmes: To a great mind, nothing is little.
Gregson: Well, I went to Underwood, and asked him if he had sold a hat of that size and description. He looked over his books, and came on it at once. He had sent the hat to a Mr. Drebber, residing at Charpentier's Boarding Establishment, Torquay Terrace. Thus I got at his address.
Holmes: Smart--very smart!
Gregson: I next called upon Madame Charpentier. I found her very pale and distressed. Her daughter was in the room, too--an uncommonly fine girl she is, too; she was looking red about the eyes and her lips trembled as I spoke to her. That didn't escape my notice. I began to smell a rat. You know the feeling, Mr. Sherlock Holmes, when you come upon the right scent--a kind of thrill in your nerves. 'Have you heard of the mysterious death of your late boarder Mr. Enoch J. Drebber, of Cleveland?' I asked.
Madame Charpentier: The mother nodded. She didn't seem able to get out a word. The daughter burst into tears. I felt more than ever that these people knew something of the matter.
Gregson: At what o'clock did Mr. Drebber leave your house for the train? His secretary, Mr. Stangerson, said that there were two trains--one at 9.15 and one at 11. He was to catch the first.
Madame Charpentier: At eight o'clock. His secretary, Mr. Stangerson, said that there were two trains--one at 9.15 and one at 11. He was to catch the first.
Gregson: And was that the last which you saw of him?
Madame Charpentier: Yes.
Daughter: No good can ever come of falsehood, mother. Let us be frank with this gentleman. We did see Mr. Drebber again.
###
Holmes: It's quite exciting. What happened next?
Detective: When Mrs. Charpentier paused, I saw that the whole case hung upon one point. Fixing her with my eye in a way which I always found effective with women, I asked her at what hour her son returned. 'I do not know,' she answered. 'Not know?' 'No; he has a latch-key, and he let himself in.' 'After you went to bed?' 'Yes.' 'When did you go to bed?' 'About eleven.' 'So your son was gone at least two hours?' 'Yes.' 'Possibly four or five?' 'Yes.' 'What was he doing during that time?' 'I do not know,' she answered, turning white to her very lips. Of course after that there was nothing more to be done. I found out where Lieutenant Charpentier was, took two officers with me, and arrested him. When I touched him on the shoulder and warned him to come quietly with us, he answered us as bold as brass, 'I suppose you are arresting me for being concerned in the death of that scoundrel Drebber,' he said. We had said nothing to him about it, so that his alluding to it had a most suspicious aspect.
Holmes: Very. He still carried the heavy stick which the mother described him as having with him when he followed Drebber. It was a stout oak cudgel.
Detective: Well, my theory is that he followed Drebber as far as the Brixton Road. When there, a fresh altercation arose between them, in the course of which Drebber received a blow from the stick, in the pit of the stomach, perhaps, which killed him without leaving any mark. The night was so wet that no one was about, so Charpentier dragged the body of his victim into the empty house. As to the candle, and the blood, and the writing on the wall, and the ring, they may all be so many tricks to throw the police on to the wrong scent.
Holmes: Well done! Really, Gregson, you are getting along. We shall make something of you yet.
###
Holmes: Well done! Really, Gregson, you are getting along. We shall make something of you yet.
Gregson: I flatter myself that I have managed it rather neatly. The young man volunteered a statement, in which he said that after following Drebber some time, the latter perceived him, and took a cab in order to get away from him. On his way home he met an old shipmate, and took a long walk with him. On being asked where this old shipmate lived, he was unable to give any satisfactory reply. I think the whole case fits together uncommonly well. What amuses me is to think of Lestrade, who had started off upon the wrong scent. I am afraid he won't make much of--Why, by Jove, here's the very man himself!
Lestrade: This is a most extraordinary case, a most incomprehensible affair. The Secretary, Mr. Joseph Stangerson, was murdered at Halliday's Private Hotel about six o'clock this morning.
###
Lestrade: The Secretary, Mr. Joseph Stangerson, was murdered at Halliday's Private Hotel about six o'clock this morning.
Holmes: Stangerson too! The plot thickens.
Lestrade: It was quite thick enough before. I seem to have dropped into a sort of council of war.
Gregson: Are you--are you sure of this piece of intelligence?
Lestrade: I have just come from his room. I was the first to discover what had occurred.
Holmes: We have been hearing Gregson's view of the matter. Would you mind letting us know what you have seen and done?
Lestrade: I freely confess that I was of the opinion that Stangerson was concerned in the death of Drebber. This fresh development has shown me that I was completely mistaken. Full of the one idea, I set myself to find out what had become of the Secretary. They had been seen together at Euston Station about half-past eight on the evening of the third. At two in the morning Drebber had been found in the Brixton Road. The question which confronted me was to find out how Stangerson had been employed between 8.30 and the time of the crime, and what had become of him afterwards. I telegraphed to Liverpool, giving a description of the man, and warning them to keep a watch upon the American boats. I then set to work calling upon all the hotels and lodging-houses in the vicinity of Euston. You see, I argued that if Drebber and his companion had become separated, the natural course for the latter would be to put up somewhere in the vicinity for the night, and then to hang about the station again next morning.
###
Holmes: They would be likely to agree on some meeting-place beforehand.
Watson: So it proved. I spent the whole of yesterday evening in making enquiries entirely without avail. This morning I began very early, and at eight o'clock I reached Halliday's Private Hotel, in Little George Street. On my enquiry as to whether a Mr. Stangerson was living there, they at once answered me in the affirmative. 'No doubt you are the gentleman whom he was expecting,' they said. 'He has been waiting for a gentleman for two days.' 'Where is he now?' I asked. 'He is upstairs in bed. He wished to be called at nine.' 'I will go up and see him at once,' I said. It seemed to me that my sudden appearance might shake his nerves and lead him to say something unguarded. The Boots volunteered to show me the room: it was on the second floor, and there was a small corridor leading up to it. The Boots pointed out the door to me, and was about to go downstairs again when I saw something that made me feel sickish, in spite of my twenty years' experience. From under the door there curled a little red ribbon of blood, which had meandered across the passage and formed a little pool along the skirting at the other side. I gave a cry, which brought the Boots back. He nearly fainted when he saw it. The door was locked on the inside, but we put our shoulders to it, and knocked it in. The window of the room was open, and beside the window, all huddled up, lay the body of a man in his nightdress. He was quite dead, and had been for some time, for his limbs were rigid and cold. When we turned him over, the Boots recognized him at once as being the same gentleman who had engaged the room under the name of Joseph Stangerson. The cause of death was a deep stab in the left side, which must have penetrated the heart. And now comes the strangest part of the affair. What do you suppose was above the murdered man?
Watson: I felt a creeping of the flesh, and a presentiment of coming horror, even before Sherlock Holmes answered.
###
Holmes: The word RACHE, written in letters of blood.
Lestrade: That was it, and we were all silent for a while. There was something so methodical and so incomprehensible about the deeds of this unknown assassin, that it imparted a fresh ghastliness to his crimes. My nerves, which were steady enough on the field of battle tingled as I thought of it. The man was seen. A milk boy, passing on his way to the dairy, happened to walk down the lane which leads from the mews at the back of the hotel. He noticed that a ladder, which usually lay there, was raised against one of the windows of the second floor, which was wide open. After passing, he looked back and saw a man descend the ladder. He came down so quietly and openly that the boy imagined him to be some carpenter or joiner at work in the hotel. He took no particular notice of him, beyond thinking in his own mind that it was early for him to be at work. He has an impression that the man was tall, had a reddish face, and was dressed in a long, brownish coat. He must have stayed in the room some little time after the murder, for we found blood-stained water in the basin, where he had washed his hands, and marks on the sheets where he had deliberately wiped his knife. Did you find nothing in the room which could furnish a clue to the murderer?
###
Holmes: Did you find nothing in the room which could furnish a clue to the murderer?
Watson: Nothing. Stangerson had Drebber's purse in his pocket, but it seems that this was usual, as he did all the paying. There was eighty odd pounds in it, but nothing had been taken. Whatever the motives of these extraordinary crimes, robbery is certainly not one of them. There were no papers or memoranda in the murdered man's pocket, except a single telegram, dated from Cleveland about a month ago, and containing the words, 'J. H. is in Europe.' There was no name appended to this message.
Holmes: And there was nothing else?
Watson: Nothing of any importance. The man's novel, with which he had read himself to sleep was lying upon the bed, and his pipe was on a chair beside him. There was a glass of water on the table, and on the window-sill a small chip ointment box containing a couple of pills.
Holmes: The last link, My case is complete.
Holmes: I have now in my hands, all the threads which have formed such a tangle. There are, of course, details to be filled in, but I am as certain of all the main facts, from the time that Drebber parted from Stangerson at the station, up to the discovery of the body of the latter, as if I had seen them with my own eyes. I will give you a proof of my knowledge. Could you lay your hand upon those pills?
Lestrade: I have them, I took them and the purse and the telegram, intending to have them put in a place of safety at the Police Station. It was the merest chance my taking these pills, for I am bound to say that I do not attach any importance to them.
Holmes: Give them here. Now, Doctor, are those ordinary pills?
###
Holmes: Give them here. Now, Doctor, are those ordinary pills?
Watson: From their lightness and transparency, I should imagine that they are soluble in water.
Holmes: Precisely so. Now would you mind going down and fetching that poor little devil of a terrier which has been bad so long, and which the landlady wanted you to put out of its pain yesterday.
Watson: I will now cut one of these pills in two. One half we return into the box for future purposes. The other half I will place in this wine glass, in which is a teaspoonful of water. You perceive that our friend, the Doctor, is right, and that it readily dissolves.
Lestrade: This may be very interesting. I cannot see, however, what it has to do with the death of Mr. Joseph Stangerson.
Holmes: Patience, my friend, patience! You will find in time that it has everything to do with it. I shall now add a little milk to make the mixture palatable, and on presenting it to the dog we find that he laps it up readily enough.
###
Watson: It can't be a coincidence, it is impossible that it should be a mere coincidence. The very pills which I suspected in the case of Drebber are actually found after the death of Stangerson. And yet they are inert. What can it mean? Surely my whole chain of reasoning cannot have been false. It is impossible! And yet this wretched dog is none the worse. Ah, I have it! I have it!
Holmes: I should have more faith, I ought to know by this time that when a fact appears to be opposed to a long train of deductions, it invariably proves to be capable of bearing some other interpretation. Of the two pills in that box one was of the most deadly poison, and the other was entirely harmless. I ought to have known that before ever I saw the box at all.
###
Holmes: All this seems strange to you because you failed at the beginning of the inquiry to grasp the importance of the single real clue which was presented to you. I had the good fortune to seize upon that, and everything which has occurred since then has served to confirm my original supposition, and, indeed, was the logical sequence of it. Hence things which have perplexed you and made the case more obscure, have served to enlighten me and to strengthen my conclusions. It is a mistake to confound strangeness with mystery. The most commonplace crime is often the most mysterious because it presents no new or special features from which deductions may be drawn. This murder would have been infinitely more difficult to unravel had the body of the victim been simply found lying in the roadway without any of those outr and sensational accompaniments which have rendered it remarkable. These strange details, far from making the case more difficult, have really had the effect of making it less so.
Gregson: Look here, Mr. Sherlock Holmes, we are all ready to acknowledge that you are a smart man, and that you have your own methods of working. We want something more than mere theory and preaching now, though. It is a case of taking the man. I have made my case out, and it seems I was wrong. Young Charpentier could not have been engaged in this second affair. Lestrade went after his man, Stangerson, and it appears that he was wrong too. You have thrown out hints here, and hints there, and seem to know more than we do, but the time has come when we feel that we have a right to ask you straight how much you do know of the business. Can you name the man who did it?
###
Lestrade: I cannot help feeling that Gregson is right, sir. We have both tried, and we have both failed. You have remarked more than once since I have been in the room that you had all the evidence which you require. Surely you will not withhold it any longer.
Watson: Any delay in arresting the assassin might give him time to perpetrate some fresh atrocity.
Holmes: There will be no more murders. You can put that consideration out of the question. You have asked me if I know the name of the assassin. I do. The mere knowing of his name is a small thing, however, compared with the power of laying our hands upon him. This I expect very shortly to do. I have good hopes of managing it through my own arrangements; but it is a thing which needs delicate handling, for we have a shrewd and desperate man to deal with, who is supported, as I have had occasion to prove, by another who is as clever as himself. As long as this man has no idea that anyone can have a clue there is some chance of securing him; but if he had the slightest suspicion, he would change his name, and vanish in an instant among the four million inhabitants of this great city. Without meaning to hurt either of your feelings, I am bound to say that I consider these men to be more than a match for the official force, and that is why I have not asked your assistance. If I fail I shall, of course, incur all the blame due to this omission; but that I am prepared for. At present I am ready to promise that the instant that I can communicate with you without endangering my own combinations, I shall do so.
###
Holmes: Please, sir, I have the cab downstairs.
Holmes: Good boy. Why don't you introduce this pattern at Scotland Yard? See how beautifully the spring works. They fasten in an instant.
Lestrade: The old pattern is good enough if we can only find the man to put them on.
Holmes: The cabman may as well help me with my boxes. Just ask him to step up, Wiggins.
Watson: Just give me a help with this buckle, cabman.
Holmes: Gentlemen, let me introduce you to Mr. Jefferson Hope, the murderer of Enoch Drebber and of Joseph Stangerson.
###
Holmes: Gentlemen, let me introduce you to Mr. Jefferson Hope, the murderer of Enoch Drebber and of Joseph Stangerson.
Watson: We have his cab. It will serve to take him to Scotland Yard. And now, gentlemen, we have reached the end of our little mystery. You are very welcome to put any questions that you like to me now, and there is no danger that I will refuse to answer them.
###
Unknown: If there's a vacant place for a chief of the police, I reckon you are the man for it. The way you kept on my trail was a caution.
Holmes: You had better come with me.
Lestrade: I can drive you.
Holmes: Good! and Gregson can come inside with me. You too, Doctor, you have taken an interest in the case and may as well stick to us.
Watson: I assented gladly, and we all descended together.
Unknown: The prisoner will be put before the magistrates in the course of the week. In the mean time, Mr. Jefferson Hope, have you anything that you wish to say? I must warn you that your words will be taken down, and may be used against you.
Jefferson Hope: I've got a good deal to say. I want to tell you gentlemen all about it.
Inspector: Hadn't you better reserve that for your trial?
Jefferson Hope: I may never be tried. You needn't look startled. It isn't suicide I am thinking of. Are you a Doctor?
Watson: Yes; I am.
Jefferson Hope: Then put your hand here.
###
Watson: Yes; I am.
Holmes: Then put your hand here, he said, with a smile, motioning with his manacled wrists towards his chest.
Watson: Why, you have an aortic aneurism!
Holmes: That's what they call it, I went to a Doctor last week about it, and he told me that it is bound to burst before many days passed. It has been getting worse for years. I got it from over-exposure and under-feeding among the Salt Lake Mountains. I've done my work now, and I don't care how soon I go, but I should like to leave some account of the business behind me. I don't want to be remembered as a common cut-throat.
Inspector: Do you consider, Doctor, that there is immediate danger?
Watson: Most certainly there is.
Inspector: In that case it is clearly our duty, in the interests of justice, to take his statement. You are at liberty, sir, to give your account, which I again warn you will be taken down.
Prisoner: I'll sit down, with your leave, This aneurism of mine makes me easily tired, and the tussle we had half an hour ago has not mended matters. I'm on the brink of the grave, and I am not likely to lie to you. Every word I say is the absolute truth, and how you use it is a matter of no consequence to me.
###
Watson: He walked down the road and went into one or two liquor shops, staying for nearly half-an-hour in the last of them. When he came out he staggered in his walk, and was evidently pretty well on. There was a hansom just in front of me, and he hailed it. I followed it so close that the nose of my horse was within a yard of his driver the whole way. We rattled across Waterloo Bridge and through miles of streets, until, to my astonishment, we found ourselves back in the Terrace in which he had boarded. I could not imagine what his intention was in returning there; but I went on and pulled up my cab a hundred yards or so from the house. He entered it, and his hansom drove away. Give me a glass of water, if you please. My mouth gets dry with the talking.
Holmes: That's better. Well, I waited for a quarter of an hour, or more, when suddenly there came a noise like people struggling inside the house. Next moment the door was flung open and two men appeared, one of whom was Drebber, and the other was a young chap whom I had never seen before. This fellow had Drebber by the collar, and when they came to the head of the steps he gave him a shove and a kick which sent him half across the road. 'You hound,' he cried, shaking his stick at him; 'I'll teach you to insult an honest girl!' He was so hot that I think he would have thrashed Drebber with his cudgel, only that the cur staggered away down the road as fast as his legs would carry him. He ran as far as the corner, and then, seeing my cab, he hailed me and jumped in. 'Drive me to Halliday's Private Hotel,' said he.
###
Holmes: There is only one point on which I should like a little more information. Who was your accomplice who came for the ring which I advertised?
Prisoner: I can tell my own secrets, but I don't get other people into trouble. I saw your advertisement, and I thought it might be a plant, or it might be the ring which I wanted. My friend volunteered to go and see. I think you'll own he did it smartly.
Holmes: Not a doubt of that.
Inspector: Now, gentlemen, the forms of the law must be complied with. On Thursday the prisoner will be brought before the magistrates, and your attendance will be required. Until then I will be responsible for him.
###
Holmes: Gregson and Lestrade will be wild about his death. Where will their grand advertisement be now?
Watson: I don't see that they had very much to do with his capture.
Holmes: What you do in this world is a matter of no consequence. The question is, what can you make people believe that you have done. Never mind. I would not have missed the investigation for anything. There has been no better case within my recollection. Simple as it was, there were several most instructive points about it.
Watson: Simple!
Holmes: Well, really, it can hardly be described as otherwise. The proof of its intrinsic simplicity is, that without any help save a few very ordinary deductions I was able to lay my hand upon the criminal within three days.
Watson: That is true.
Holmes: I have already explained to you that what is out of the common is usually a guide rather than a hindrance. In solving a problem of this sort, the grand thing is to be able to reason backwards. That is a very useful accomplishment, and a very easy one, but people do not practise it much. In the every-day affairs of life it is more useful to reason forwards, and so the other comes to be neglected. There are fifty who can reason synthetically for one who can reason analytically.
Watson: I confess that I do not quite follow you.
Holmes: I hardly expected that you would. Let me see if I can make it clearer. Most people, if you describe a train of events to them, will tell you what the result would be. They can put those events together in their minds, and argue from them that something will come to pass. There are few people, however, who, if you told them a result, would be able to evolve from their own inner consciousness what the steps were which led up to that result. This power is what I mean when I talk of reasoning backwards, or analytically.
Watson: I understand.
###
Holmes: On entering the house this last inference was confirmed. My well-booted man lay before me. The tall one, then, had done the murder, if murder there was. There was no wound upon the dead man's person, but the agitated expression upon his face assured me that he had foreseen his fate before it came upon him. Men who die from heart disease, or any sudden natural cause, never by any chance exhibit agitation upon their features. Having sniffed the dead man's lips I detected a slightly sour smell, and I came to the conclusion that he had had poison forced upon him. Again, I argued that it had been forced upon him from the hatred and fear expressed upon his face. By the method of exclusion, I had arrived at this result, for no other hypothesis would meet the facts. Do not imagine that it was a very unheard of idea. The forcible administration of poison is by no means a new thing in criminal annals. The cases of Dolsky in Odessa, and of Leturier in Montpellier, will occur at once to any toxicologist.
###
Holmes: And now came the great question as to the reason why. Robbery had not been the object of the murder, for nothing was taken. Was it politics, then, or was it a woman? That was the question which confronted me. I was inclined from the first to the latter supposition. Political assassins are only too glad to do their work and to fly. This murder had, on the contrary, been done most deliberately, and the perpetrator had left his tracks all over the room, showing that he had been there all the time. It must have been a private wrong, and not a political one, which called for such a methodical revenge. When the inscription was discovered upon the wall I was more inclined than ever to my opinion. The thing was too evidently a blind. When the ring was found, however, it settled the question. Clearly the murderer had used it to remind his victim of some dead or absent woman. It was at this point that I asked Gregson whether he had enquired in his telegram to Cleveland as to any particular point in Mr. Drebber's former career. He answered, you remember, in the negative. I then proceeded to make a careful examination of the room, which confirmed me in my opinion as to the murderer's height, and furnished me with the additional details as to the Trichinopoly cigar and the length of his nails. I had already come to the conclusion, since there were no signs of a struggle, that the blood which covered the floor had burst from the murderer's nose in his excitement. I could perceive that the track of blood coincided with the track of his feet. It is seldom that any man, unless he is very full-blooded, breaks out in this way through emotion, so I hazarded the opinion that the criminal was probably a robust and ruddy-faced man. Events proved that I had judged correctly.
###
Holmes: If he had been one there was no reason to believe that he had ceased to be. On the contrary, from his point of view, any sudden chance would be likely to draw attention to himself. He would, probably, for a time at least, continue to perform his duties. There was no reason to suppose that he was going under an assumed name. Why should he change his name in a country where no one knew his original one? I therefore organized my Street Arab detective corps, and sent them systematically to every cab proprietor in London until they ferreted out the man that I wanted. How well they succeeded, and how quickly I took advantage of it, are still fresh in your recollection. The murder of Stangerson was an incident which was entirely unexpected, but which could hardly in any case have been prevented. Through it, as you know, I came into possession of the pills, the existence of which I had already surmised. You see the whole thing is a chain of logical sequences without a break or flaw.
Watson: It is wonderful! Your merits should be publicly recognized. You should publish an account of the case. If you won't, I will for you.
Holmes: You may do what you like, Doctor. See here! Look at this! It was the Echo for the day, and the paragraph to which he pointed was devoted to the case in question.
###
Holmes: You may do what you like, Doctor. See here! Look at this!
Holmes: Didn't I tell you so when we started? That's the result of all our Study in Scarlet: to get them a testimonial!
Watson: Never mind, I have all the facts in my journal, and the public shall know them. In the meantime you must make yourself contented by the consciousness of success, like the Roman miser-- 'Populus me sibilat, at mihi plaudo Ipse domi simul ac nummos contemplar in arca.'
###
Watson: Which is it today? morphine or cocaine?
Holmes: It is cocaine, a seven-per-cent solution. Would you care to try it?
###
Watson: Which is it today? morphine or cocaine?
Holmes: It is cocaine, a seven-per-cent solution. Would you care to try it?
Watson: No, indeed, My constitution has not got over the Afghan campaign yet. I cannot afford to throw any extra strain upon it.
Holmes: Perhaps you are right, Watson, I suppose that its influence is physically a bad one. I find it, however, so transcendently stimulating and clarifying to the mind that its secondary action is a matter of small moment.
Watson: But consider! Count the cost! Your brain may, as you say, be roused and excited, but it is a pathological and morbid process, which involves increased tissue-change and may at last leave a permanent weakness. You know, too, what a black reaction comes upon you. Surely the game is hardly worth the candle. Why should you, for a mere passing pleasure, risk the loss of those great powers with which you have been endowed? Remember that I speak not only as one comrade to another, but as a medical man to one for whose constitution he is to some extent answerable.
Holmes: My mind rebels at stagnation. Give me problems, give me work, give me the most abstruse cryptogram or the most intricate analysis, and I am in my own proper atmosphere. I can dispense then with artificial stimulants. But I abhor the dull routine of existence. I crave for mental exaltation. That is why I have chosen my own particular profession, or rather created it, for I am the only one in the world.
Watson: The only unofficial detective?
###
Watson: The only unofficial detective?
Holmes: The only unofficial consulting detective. I am the last and highest court of appeal in detection. When Gregson or Lestrade or Athelney Jones are out of their depths--which, by the way, is their normal state--the matter is laid before me. I examine the data, as an expert, and pronounce a specialist's opinion. I claim no credit in such cases. My name figures in no newspaper. The work itself, the pleasure of finding a field for my peculiar powers, is my highest reward. But you have yourself had some experience of my methods of work in the Jefferson Hope case.
Watson: Yes, indeed. I was never so struck by anything in my life. I even embodied it in a small brochure with the somewhat fantastic title of 'A Study in Scarlet.'
Holmes: I glanced over it. Honestly, I cannot congratulate you upon it. Detection is, or ought to be, an exact science, and should be treated in the same cold and unemotional manner. You have attempted to tinge it with romanticism, which produces much the same effect as if you worked a love-story or an elopement into the fifth proposition of Euclid.
Watson: But the romance was there. I could not tamper with the facts.
Holmes: Some facts should be suppressed, or at least a just sense of proportion should be observed in treating them. The only point in the case which deserved mention was the curious analytical reasoning from effects to causes by which I succeeded in unraveling it.
###
Watson: My practice has extended recently to the Continent. I was consulted last week by Francois Le Villard, who, as you probably know, has come rather to the front lately in the French detective service. He has all the Celtic power of quick intuition, but he is deficient in the wide range of exact knowledge which is essential to the higher developments of his art. The case was concerned with a will, and possessed some features of interest. I was able to refer him to two parallel cases, the one at Riga in 1857, and the other at St. Louis in 1871, which have suggested to him the true solution. Here is the letter which I had this morning acknowledging my assistance.
Holmes: He speaks as a pupil to his master. He rates my assistance too highly. He has considerable gifts himself. He possesses two out of the three qualities necessary for the ideal detective. He has the power of observation and that of deduction. He is only wanting in knowledge; and that may come in time. He is now translating my small works into French. Your works?
###
Watson: Your works?
Holmes: Oh, didn't you know? Yes, I have been guilty of several monographs. They are all upon technical subjects. Here, for example, is one 'Upon the Distinction between the Ashes of the Various Tobaccoes.' In it I enumerate a hundred and forty forms of cigar-, cigarette-, and pipe-tobacco, with colored plates illustrating the difference in the ash. It is a point which is continually turning up in criminal trials, and which is sometimes of supreme importance as a clue. If you can say definitely, for example, that some murder has been done by a man who was smoking an Indian lunkah, it obviously narrows your field of search. To the trained eye there is as much difference between the black ash of a Trichinopoly and the white fluff of bird's-eye as there is between a cabbage and a potato.
Watson: You have an extraordinary genius for minutiae.
Holmes: I appreciate their importance. Here is my monograph upon the tracing of footsteps, with some remarks upon the uses of plaster of Paris as a preserver of impresses. Here, too, is a curious little work upon the influence of a trade upon the form of the hand, with lithotypes of the hands of slaters, sailors, corkcutters, compositors, weavers, and diamond-polishers. That is a matter of great practical interest to the scientific detective,--especially in cases of unclaimed bodies, or in discovering the antecedents of criminals. But I weary you with my hobby.
Watson: Not at all, It is of the greatest interest to me, especially since I have had the opportunity of observing your practical application of it. But you spoke just now of observation and deduction. Surely the one to some extent implies the other.
Holmes: Why, hardly, For example, observation shows me that you have been to the Wigmore Street Post-Office this morning, but deduction lets me know that when there you dispatched a telegram.
###
Watson: Right! Right on both points! But I confess that I don't see how you arrived at it. It was a sudden impulse upon my part, and I have mentioned it to no one.
Holmes: It is simplicity itself, so absurdly simple that an explanation is superfluous; and yet it may serve to define the limits of observation and of deduction. Observation tells me that you have a little reddish mould adhering to your instep. Just opposite the Seymour Street Office they have taken up the pavement and thrown up some earth which lies in such a way that it is difficult to avoid treading in it in entering. The earth is of this peculiar reddish tint which is found, as far as I know, nowhere else in the neighborhood. So much is observation. The rest is deduction.
Watson: How, then, did you deduce the telegram?
Holmes: Why, of course I knew that you had not written a letter, since I sat opposite to you all morning. I see also in your open desk there that you have a sheet of stamps and a thick bundle of postcards. What could you go into the post-office for, then, but to send a wire? Eliminate all other factors, and the one which remains must be the truth.
Watson: In this case it certainly is so, The thing, however, is, as you say, of the simplest. Would you think me impertinent if I were to put your theories to a more severe test?
Holmes: On the contrary, it would prevent me from taking a second dose of cocaine. I should be delighted to look into any problem which you might submit to me.
Watson: I have heard you say that it is difficult for a man to have any object in daily use without leaving the impress of his individuality upon it in such a way that a trained observer might read it. Now, I have here a watch which has recently come into my possession. Would you have the kindness to let me have an opinion upon the character or habits of the late owner?
###
Watson: I handed him over the watch with some slight feeling of amusement in my heart, for the test was, as I thought, an impossible one, and I intended it as a lesson against the somewhat dogmatic tone which he occasionally assumed.
Holmes: There are hardly any data. The watch has been recently cleaned, which robs me of my most suggestive facts.
Watson: You are right. It was cleaned before being sent to me.
Watson: Though unsatisfactory, my research has not been entirely barren. Subject to your correction, I should judge that the watch belonged to your elder brother, who inherited it from your father.
Holmes: That you gather, no doubt, from the H. W. upon the back?
Watson: Quite so. The W. suggests your own name. The date of the watch is nearly fifty years back, and the initials are as old as the watch: so it was made for the last generation. Jewelry usually descends to the eldest son, and he is most likely to have the same name as the father. Your father has, if I remember right, been dead many years. It has, therefore, been in the hands of your eldest brother.
Watson: Right, so far. Anything else?
Holmes: He was a man of untidy habits, very untidy and careless. He was left with good prospects, but he threw away his chances, lived for some time in poverty with occasional short intervals of prosperity, and finally, taking to drink, he died. That is all I can gather.
Watson: I sprang from my chair and limped impatiently about the room with considerable bitterness in my heart.
###
Watson: This is unworthy of you, Holmes. I could not have believed that you would have descended to this. You have made inquiries into the history of my unhappy brother, and you now pretend to deduce this knowledge in some fanciful way. You cannot expect me to believe that you have read all this from his old watch! It is unkind, and, to speak plainly, has a touch of charlatanism in it.
Holmes: My dear doctor, pray accept my apologies. Viewing the matter as an abstract problem, I had forgotten how personal and painful a thing it might be to you. I assure you, however, that I never even knew that you had a brother until you handed me the watch.
Watson: Then how in the name of all that is wonderful did you get these facts? They are absolutely correct in every particular.
Holmes: Ah, that is good luck. I could only say what was the balance of probability. I did not at all expect to be so accurate.
Watson: But it was not mere guess-work?
Holmes: No, no: I never guess. It is a shocking habit, destructive to the logical faculty. What seems strange to you is only so because you do not follow my train of thought or observe the small facts upon which large inferences may depend. For example, I began by stating that your brother was careless. When you observe the lower part of that watch-case you notice that it is not only dented in two places, but it is cut and marked all over from the habit of keeping other hard objects, such as coins or keys, in the same pocket. Surely it is no great feat to assume that a man who treats a fifty-guinea watch so cavalierly must be a careless man. Neither is it a very far-fetched inference that a man who inherits one article of such value is pretty well provided for in other respects.
Watson: I nodded, to show that I followed his reasoning.
###
Watson: I nodded, to show that I followed his reasoning.
Holmes: It is very customary for pawnbrokers in England, when they take a watch, to scratch the number of the ticket with a pin-point upon the inside of the case. It is more handy than a label, as there is no risk of the number being lost or transposed. There are no less than four such numbers visible to my lens on the inside of this case. Inference,--that your brother was often at low water. Secondary inference,--that he had occasional bursts of prosperity, or he could not have redeemed the pledge. Finally, I ask you to look at the inner plate, which contains the key-hole. Look at the thousands of scratches all round the hole,--marks where the key has slipped. What sober man's key could have scored those grooves? But you will never see a drunkard's watch without them. He winds it at night, and he leaves these traces of his unsteady hand. Where is the mystery in all this?
Watson: It is as clear as daylight, I regret the injustice which I did you. I should have had more faith in your marvellous faculty. May I ask whether you have any professional inquiry on foot at present?
Holmes: None. Hence the cocaine. I cannot live without brain-work. What else is there to live for? Stand at the window here. Was ever such a dreary, dismal, unprofitable world? See how the yellow fog swirls down the street and drifts across the duncolored houses. What could be more hopelessly prosaic and material? What is the use of having powers, doctor, when one has no field upon which to exert them? Crime is commonplace, existence is commonplace, and no qualities save those which are commonplace have any function upon earth.
Watson: I had opened my mouth to reply to this tirade, when with a crisp knock our landlady entered, bearing a card upon the brass salver.
Landlady: A young lady for you, sir, she said, addressing my companion.
Holmes: Miss Mary Morstan. Hum! I have no recollection of the name. Ask the young lady to step up, Mrs. Hudson. Don't go, doctor. I should prefer that you remain.
###
Mrs. Hudson: A young lady for you, sir.
Holmes: Miss Mary Morstan. Hum! I have no recollection of the name. Ask the young lady to step up, Mrs. Hudson. Don't go, doctor. I should prefer that you remain.
Miss Morstan: I have come to you, Mr. Holmes, because you once enabled my employer, Mrs. Cecil Forrester, to unravel a little domestic complication. She was much impressed by your kindness and skill.
Holmes: Mrs. Cecil Forrester. I believe that I was of some slight service to her. The case, however, as I remember it, was a very simple one.
Miss Morstan: She did not think so. But at least you cannot say the same of mine. I can hardly imagine anything more strange, more utterly inexplicable, than the situation in which I find myself.
###
Holmes: She did not think so. But at least you cannot say the same of mine. I can hardly imagine anything more strange, more utterly inexplicable, than the situation in which I find myself.
Holmes: State your case.
Watson: You will, I am sure, excuse me.
Lady: If your friend would be good enough to stop, he might be of inestimable service to me.
Watson: Briefly, the facts are these. My father was an officer in an Indian regiment who sent me home when I was quite a child. My mother was dead, and I had no relative in England. I was placed, however, in a comfortable boarding establishment at Edinburgh, and there I remained until I was seventeen years of age. In the year 1878 my father, who was senior captain of his regiment, obtained twelve months' leave and came home. He telegraphed to me from London that he had arrived all safe, and directed me to come down at once, giving the Langham Hotel as his address. His message, as I remember, was full of kindness and love. On reaching London I drove to the Langham, and was informed that Captain Morstan was staying there, but that he had gone out the night before and had not yet returned. I waited all day without news of him. That night, on the advice of the manager of the hotel, I communicated with the police, and next morning we advertised in all the papers. Our inquiries let to no result; and from that day to this no word has ever been heard of my unfortunate father. He came home with his heart full of hope, to find some peace, some comfort, and instead--
Watson: The date?
###
Holmes: The date?
Watson: He disappeared upon the 3d of December, 1878, nearly ten years ago.
Holmes: His luggage?
Watson: Remained at the hotel. There was nothing in it to suggest a clue, some clothes, some books, and a considerable number of curiosities from the Andaman Islands. He had been one of the officers in charge of the convict-guard there.
Holmes: Had he any friends in town?
Watson: Only one that we know of, Major Sholto, of his own regiment, the 34th Bombay Infantry. The major had retired some little time before, and lived at Upper Norwood. We communicated with him, of course, but he did not even know that his brother officer was in England.
Holmes: A singular case.
Watson: I have not yet described to you the most singular part. About six years ago--to be exact, upon the 4th of May, 1882--an advertisement appeared in the Times asking for the address of Miss Mary Morstan and stating that it would be to her advantage to come forward. There was no name or address appended. I had at that time just entered the family of Mrs. Cecil Forrester in the capacity of governess. By her advice I published my address in the advertisement column. The same day there arrived through the post a small card-board box addressed to me, which I found to contain a very large and lustrous pearl. No word of writing was enclosed. Since then every year upon the same date there has always appeared a similar box, containing a similar pearl, without any clue as to the sender. They have been pronounced by an expert to be of a rare variety and of considerable value. You can see for yourselves that they are very handsome.
Watson: Your statement is most interesting. Has anything else occurred to you?
Watson: Yes, and no later than to-day. That is why I have come to you. This morning I received this letter, which you will perhaps read for yourself.
###
Holmes: Your statement is most interesting. Has anything else occurred to you?
Miss Morstan: Yes, and no later than today. That is why I have come to you. This morning I received this letter, which you will perhaps read for yourself.
Holmes: Thank you. The envelope too, please. Postmark, London, S.W. Date, July 7. Hum! Man's thumb-mark on corner, probably postman. Best quality paper. Envelopes at sixpence a packet. Particular man in his stationery. No address. 'Be at the third pillar from the left outside the Lyceum Theatre tonight at seven o'clock. If you are distrustful, bring two friends. You are a wronged woman, and shall have justice. Do not bring police. If you do, all will be in vain. Your unknown friend.' Well, really, this is a very pretty little mystery. What do you intend to do, Miss Morstan?
Miss Morstan: That is exactly what I want to ask you.
Holmes: Then we shall most certainly go. You and I and--yes, why, Dr. Watson is the very man. Your correspondent says two friends. He and I have worked together before.
Miss Morstan: But would he come?
Watson: I should be proud and happy if I can be of any service.
Miss Morstan: You are both very kind. I have led a retired life, and have no friends whom I could appeal to. If I am here at six it will do, I suppose?
Holmes: You must not be later. There is one other point, however. Is this handwriting the same as that upon the pearl-box addresses?
Miss Morstan: I have them here.
###
Holmes: You must not be later. There is one other point, however. Is this handwriting the same as that upon the pearl-box addresses?
Client: I have them here. 
Holmes: You are certainly a model client. You have the correct intuition. Let us see, now. They are disguised hands, except the letter, but there can be no question as to the authorship. See how the irrepressible Greek e will break out, and see the twirl of the final s. They are undoubtedly by the same person. I should not like to suggest false hopes, Miss Morstan, but is there any resemblance between this hand and that of your father?
Miss Morstan: Nothing could be more unlike.
Holmes: I expected to hear you say so. We shall look out for you, then, at six. Pray allow me to keep the papers. I may look into the matter before then. It is only half-past three. Au revoir, then.
Visitor: Au revoir.
Watson: What a very attractive woman!
Holmes: Is she? I did not observe.
Watson: You really are an automaton, a calculating-machine! There is something positively inhuman in you at times.
###
Holmes: Is she? I did not observe.
Watson: You really are an automaton, a calculating-machine! There is something positively inhuman in you at times.
Holmes: It is of the first importance not to allow your judgment to be biased by personal qualities. A client is to me a mere unit, a factor in a problem. The emotional qualities are antagonistic to clear reasoning. I assure you that the most winning woman I ever knew was hanged for poisoning three little children for their insurance-money, and the most repellant man of my acquaintance is a philanthropist who has spent nearly a quarter of a million upon the London poor.
Watson: In this case, however-
Holmes: I never make exceptions. An exception disproves the rule. Have you ever had occasion to study character in handwriting? What do you make of this fellow's scribble?
Watson: It is legible and regular. A man of business habits and some force of character.
Holmes: Look at his long letters. They hardly rise above the common herd. That d might be an a, and that l an e. Men of character always differentiate their long letters, however illegibly they may write. There is vacillation in his k's and self-esteem in his capitals. I am going out now. I have some few references to make. Let me recommend this book, one of the most remarkable ever penned. It is Winwood Reade's Martyrdom of Man. I shall be back in an hour.
###
Watson: I sat in the window with the volume in my hand, but my thoughts were far from the daring speculations of the writer. My mind ran upon our late visitor,--her smiles, the deep rich tones of her voice, the strange mystery which overhung her life. If she were seventeen at the time of her father's disappearance she must be seven-and-twenty now,--a sweet age, when youth has lost its self-consciousness and become a little sobered by experience. So I sat and mused, until such dangerous thoughts came into my head that I hurried away to my desk and plunged furiously into the latest treatise upon pathology. What was I, an army surgeon with a weak leg and a weaker banking-account, that I should dare to think of such things? She was a unit, a factor,--nothing more. If my future were black, it was better surely to face it like a man than to attempt to brighten it by mere will-o'-the-wisps of the imagination.
Holmes: There is no great mystery in this matter. The facts appear to admit of only one explanation.
Watson: What! you have solved it already?
Holmes: Well, that would be too much to say. I have discovered a suggestive fact, that is all. It is, however, very suggestive. The details are still to be added. I have just found, on consulting the back files of the Times, that Major Sholto, of Upper Norword, late of the 34th Bombay Infantry, died upon the 28th of April, 1882.
Watson: I may be very obtuse, Holmes, but I fail to see what this suggests.
###
Watson: I may be very obtuse, Holmes, but I fail to see what this suggests.
Holmes: No? You surprise me. Look at it in this way, then. Captain Morstan disappears. The only person in London whom he could have visited is Major Sholto. Major Sholto denies having heard that he was in London. Four years later Sholto dies. Within a week of his death Captain Morstan's daughter receives a valuable present, which is repeated from year to year, and now culminates in a letter which describes her as a wronged woman. What wrong can it refer to except this deprivation of her father? And why should the presents begin immediately after Sholto's death, unless it is that Sholto's heir knows something of the mystery and desires to make compensation? Have you any alternative theory which will meet the facts?
Watson: But what a strange compensation! And how strangely made! Why, too, should he write a letter now, rather than six years ago? Again, the letter speaks of giving her justice. What justice can she have? It is too much to suppose that her father is still alive. There is no other injustice in her case that you know of.
Holmes: There are difficulties; there are certainly difficulties. But our expedition of to-night will solve them all. Ah, here is a four-wheeler, and Miss Morstan is inside. Are you all ready? Then we had better go down, for it is a little past the hour.
Watson: I picked up my hat and my heaviest stick, but I observed that Holmes took his revolver from his drawer and slipped it into his pocket. It was clear that he thought that our night's work might be a serious one.
Holmes: Miss Morstan was muffled in a dark cloak, and her sensitive face was composed, but pale. She must have been more than woman if she did not feel some uneasiness at the strange enterprise upon which we were embarking, yet her self-control was perfect, and she readily answered the few additional questions which Sherlock Holmes put to her.
###
Miss Morstan: Major Sholto was a very particular friend of papa's. His letters were full of allusions to the major. He and papa were in command of the troops at the Andaman Islands, so they were thrown a great deal together. By the way, a curious paper was found in papa's desk which no one could understand. I don't suppose that it is of the slightest importance, but I thought you might care to see it, so I brought it with me. It is here.
Holmes: It is paper of native Indian manufacture. It has at some time been pinned to a board. The diagram upon it appears to be a plan of part of a large building with numerous halls, corridors, and passages. At one point is a small cross done in red ink, and above it is '3.37 from left,' in faded pencil-writing. In the left-hand corner is a curious hieroglyphic like four crosses in a line with their arms touching. Beside it is written, in very rough and coarse characters, 'The sign of the four,--Jonathan Small, Mahomet Singh, Abdullah Khan, Dost Akbar.' No, I confess that I do not see how this bears upon the matter. Yet it is evidently a document of importance. It has been kept carefully in a pocket-book; for the one side is as clean as the other.
Miss Morstan: It was in his pocket-book that we found it.
Holmes: Preserve it carefully, then, Miss Morstan, for it may prove to be of use to us. I begin to suspect that this matter may turn out to be much deeper and more subtle than I at first supposed. I must reconsider my ideas.
###
Miss Morstan: I give you my word on that.
Holmes: Now Vincent Square. Now we come out on the Vauxhall Bridge Road. We are making for the Surrey side, apparently. Yes, I thought so. Now we are on the bridge. You can catch glimpses of the river.
###
Miss Morstan: I knew in my heart that he was dead.
Holmes: I can give you every information, and, what is more, I can do you justice; and I will, too, whatever Brother Bartholomew may say. I am so glad to have your friends here, not only as an escort to you, but also as witnesses to what I am about to do and say. The three of us can show a bold front to Brother Bartholomew. But let us have no outsiders,--no police or officials. We can settle everything satisfactorily among ourselves, without any interference. Nothing would annoy Brother Bartholomew more than any publicity.
Holmes: For my part, whatever you may choose to say will go no further.
Holmes: May I offer you a glass of Chianti, Miss Morstan? Or of Tokay? I keep no other wines. Shall I open a flask? No? Well, then, I trust that you have no objection to tobacco-smoke, to the mild balsamic odor of the Eastern tobacco. I am a little nervous, and I find my hookah an invaluable sedative.
###
Watson: If we are to go to Norwood it would perhaps be as well to start at once.
Holmes: That would hardly do. I don't know what he would say if I brought you in that sudden way. No, I must prepare you by showing you how we all stand to each other. In the first place, I must tell you that there are several points in the story of which I am myself ignorant. I can only lay the facts before you as far as I know them myself. My father was, as you may have guessed, Major John Sholto, once of the Indian army. He retired some eleven years ago, and came to live at Pondicherry Lodge in Upper Norwood. He had prospered in India, and brought back with him a considerable sum of money, a large collection of valuable curiosities, and a staff of native servants. With these advantages he bought himself a house, and lived in great luxury. My twin-brother Bartholomew and I were the only children. I very well remember the sensation which was caused by the disappearance of Captain Morstan. We read the details in the papers, and, knowing that he had been a friend of our father's, we discussed the case freely in his presence. He used to join in our speculations as to what could have happened. Never for an instant did we suspect that he had the whole secret hidden in his own breast, that of all men he alone knew the fate of Arthur Morstan.
###
Holmes: I have only one thing which weighs upon my mind at this supreme moment. It is my treatment of poor Morstan's orphan. The cursed greed which has been my besetting sin through life has withheld from her the treasure, half at least of which should have been hers. And yet I have made no use of it myself, so blind and foolish a thing is avarice. The mere feeling of possession has been so dear to me that I could not bear to share it with another. See that chaplet dipped with pearls beside the quinine-bottle. Even that I could not bear to part with, although I had got it out with the design of sending it to her. You, my sons, will give her a fair share of the Agra treasure. But send her nothing, not even the chaplet, until I am gone. After all, men have been as bad as this and have recovered. I will tell you how Morstan died. He had suffered for years from a weak heart, but he concealed it from everyone. I alone knew it. When in India, he and I, through a remarkable chain of circumstances, came into possession of a considerable treasure. I brought it over to England, and on the night of Morstan's arrival he came straight over here to claim his share. He walked over from the station, and was admitted by my faithful Lal Chowdar, who is now dead. Morstan and I had a difference of opinion as to the division of the treasure, and we came to heated words. Morstan had sprung out of his chair in a paroxysm of anger, when he suddenly pressed his hand to his side, his face turned a dusky hue, and he fell backwards, cutting his head against the corner of the treasure-chest. When I stooped over him I found, to my horror, that he was dead.
###
Narrator: Mr. Thaddeus Sholto ceased, and sat twitching on his luxurious settee. We all remained silent, with our thoughts upon the new development which the mysterious business had taken.
Holmes: You have done well, sir, from first to last. It is possible that we may be able to make you some small return by throwing some light upon that which is still dark to you. But, as Miss Morstan remarked just now, it is late, and we had best put the matter through without delay.
Thaddeus Sholto: My health is somewhat fragile. I am compelled to be a valetudinarian.
Thaddeus Sholto: My cab was awaiting us outside, and our programme was evidently prearranged, for the driver started off at once at a rapid pace. Thaddeus Sholto talked incessantly, in a voice which rose high above the rattle of the wheels.
###
Holmes: Oh, yes you do, McMurdo. I don't think you can have forgotten me. Don't you remember the amateur who fought three rounds with you at Alison's rooms on the night of your benefit four years back?
McMurdo: Not Mr. Sherlock Holmes! God's truth! how could I have mistook you? If instead o' standin' there so quiet you had just stepped up and given me that cross-hit of yours under the jaw, I'd ha' known you without a question. Ah, you're one that has wasted your gifts, you have! You might have aimed high, if you had joined the fancy.
Holmes: You see, Watson, if all else fails me I have still one of the scientific professions open to me. Our friend won't keep us out in the cold now, I am sure.
Unknown: In you come, sir, in you come,--you and your friends. Very sorry, Mr. Thaddeus, but orders are very strict. Had to be certain of your friends before I let them in.
Thaddeus Sholto: I cannot understand it. There must be some mistake. I distinctly told Bartholomew that we should be here, and yet there is no light in his window. I do not know what to make of it.
Holmes: Does he always guard the premises in this way?
Thaddeus Sholto: Yes; he has followed my father's custom. He was the favorite son, you know, and I sometimes think that my father may have told him more than he ever told me. That is Bartholomew's window up there where the moonshine strikes. It is quite bright, but there is no light from within, I think.
Holmes: None. But I see the glint of a light in that little window beside the door.
###
Holmes: None. But I see the glint of a light in that little window beside the door.
Watson: Ah, that is the housekeeper's room. That is where old Mrs. Bernstone sits. She can tell us all about it. But perhaps you would not mind waiting here for a minute or two, for if we all go in together and she has no word of our coming she may be alarmed. But hush! what is that?
Watson: It is Mrs. Bernstone. She is the only woman in the house. Wait here. I shall be back in a moment.
Mrs. Bernstone: Oh, Mr. Thaddeus, sir, I am so glad you have come! I am so glad you have come, Mr. Thaddeus, sir!
###
Woman: What a strange place! It looks as though all the moles in England had been let loose in it. I have seen something of the sort on the side of a hill near Ballarat, where the prospectors had been at work.
Holmes: And from the same cause. These are the traces of the treasure-seekers. You must remember that they were six years looking for it. No wonder that the grounds look like a gravel-pit.
Thaddeus Sholto: There is something amiss with Bartholomew! I am frightened! My nerves cannot stand it.
Holmes: Come into the house.
Thaddeus Sholto: Yes, do! I really do not feel equal to giving directions.
Old woman: God bless your sweet calm face! It does me good to see you. Oh, but I have been sorely tried this day!
Holmes: You must go up, Mr. Thaddeus, you must go up and look for yourself. I have seen Mr. Bartholomew Sholto in joy and in sorrow for ten long years, but I never saw him with such a face on him as that.
###
Holmes: There is something devilish in this, Watson. What do you make of it?
Watson: This is terrible! What is to be done?
Holmes: The door must come down.
Watson: The door must come down.
Watson: The door must come down.
###
Watson: In God's name, what does it all mean?
Holmes: It means murder. Ah, I expected it. Look here! 
Watson: It looks like a thorn.
Holmes: It is a thorn. You may pick it out. But be careful, for it is poisoned.
Watson: This is all an insoluble mystery to me. It grows darker instead of clearer.
Holmes: On the contrary, it clears every instant. I only require a few missing links to have an entirely connected case.
Companion: The treasure is gone! They have robbed him of the treasure! There is the hole through which we lowered it. I helped him to do it! I was the last person who saw him! I left him here last night, and I heard him lock the door as I came down-stairs.
###
Sholto: What time was that?
Sholto: It was ten o'clock. And now he is dead, and the police will be called in, and I shall be suspected of having had a hand in it. Oh, yes, I am sure I shall. But you don't think so, gentlemen? Surely you don't think that it was I? Is it likely that I would have brought you here if it were I? Oh, dear! oh, dear! I know that I shall go mad!
Holmes: You have no reason for fear, Mr. Sholto. Take my advice, and drive down to the station to report this matter to the police. Offer to assist them in every way. We shall wait here until your return.
Holmes: Now, Watson, we have half an hour to ourselves. Let us make good use of it. My case is, as I have told you, almost complete; but we must not err on the side of over-confidence. Simple as the case seems now, there may be something deeper underlying it.
Watson: Simple!
Holmes: Surely. Just sit in the corner there, that your footprints may not complicate matters. Now to work! In the first place, how did these folk come, and how did they go? The door has not been opened since last night. How of the window? Window is snibbed on the inner side. Framework is solid. No hinges at the side. Let us open it. No water-pipe near. Roof quite out of reach. Yet a man has mounted by the window. It rained a little last night. Here is the print of a foot in mould upon the sill. And here is a circular muddy mark, and here again upon the floor, and here again by the table. See here, Watson! This is really a very pretty demonstration.
###
Watson: This is not a footmark.
Holmes: It is something much more valuable to us. It is the impression of a wooden stump. You see here on the sill is the boot-mark, a heavy boot with the broad metal heel, and beside it is the mark of the timber-toe.
Watson: It is the wooden legged man.
Holmes: Quite so. But there has been some one else, a very able and efficient ally. Could you scale that wall, doctor?
Watson: It is absolutely impossible.
Holmes: Without aid it is so. But suppose you had a friend up here who lowered you this good stout rope which I see in the corner, securing one end of it to this great hook in the wall. Then, I think, if you were an active man, you might swarm up, wooden leg and all. You would depart, of course, in the same fashion, and your ally would draw up the rope, untie it from the hook, shut the window, snib it on the inside, and get away in the way that he originally came. As a minor point it may be noted, that our wooden-legged friend, though a fair climber, was not a professional sailor. His hands were far from horny. My lens discloses more than one blood-mark, especially towards the end of the rope, from which I gather that he slipped down with such velocity that he took the skin off his hand.
Watson: This is all very well, but the thing becomes more unintelligible than ever. How about this mysterious ally? How came he into the room?
Holmes: Yes, the ally! There are features of interest about this ally. He lifts the case from the regions of the commonplace. I fancy that this ally breaks fresh ground in the annals of crime in this country, though parallel cases suggest themselves from India, and, if my memory serves me, from Senegambia.
###
Watson: How came he, then? The door is locked, the window is inaccessible. Was it through the chimney?
Holmes: The grate is much too small. I had already considered that possibility.
Watson: How then?
Holmes: You will not apply my precept. How often have I said to you that when you have eliminated the impossible whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth? We know that he did not come through the door, the window, or the chimney. We also know that he could not have been concealed in the room, as there is no concealment possible. Whence, then, did he come?
Watson: He came through the hole in the roof.
Holmes: Of course he did. He must have done so. If you will have the kindness to hold the lamp for me, we shall now extend our researches to the room above, the secret room in which the treasure was found.
Holmes: Here you are, you see. This is a trap-door which leads out onto the roof. I can press it back, and here is the roof itself, sloping at a gentle angle. This, then, is the way by which Number One entered. Let us see if we can find one other traces of his individuality.
###
Watson: Holmes, a child has done the horrid thing.
Holmes: I was staggered for the moment, but the thing is quite natural. My memory failed me, or I should have been able to foretell it. There is nothing more to be learned here. Let us go down.
Watson: What is your theory, then, as to those footmarks?
Holmes: My dear Watson, try a little analysis yourself. You know my methods. Apply them, and it will be instructive to compare results.
Watson: I cannot conceive anything which will cover the facts.
Holmes: It will be clear enough to you soon. I think that there is nothing else of importance here, but I will look.
###
Holmes: We are certainly in luck. We ought to have very little trouble now. Number One has had the misfortune to tread in the creosote. You can see the outline of the edge of his small foot here at the side of this evil-smelling mess. The carboy has been cracked, You see, and the stuff has leaked out.
Watson: What then?
Holmes: Why, we have got him, that's all. I know a dog that would follow that scent to the world's end. If a pack can track a trailed herring across a shire, how far can a specially-trained hound follow so pungent a smell as this? It sounds like a sum in the rule of three. The answer should give us the--But halloo! here are the accredited representatives of the law.
Holmes: Before they come, just put your hand here on this poor fellow's arm, and here on his leg. What do you feel?
Watson: The muscles are as hard as a board.
Holmes: Quite so. They are in a state of extreme contraction, far exceeding the usual rigor mortis. Coupled with this distortion of the face, this Hippocratic smile, or 'risus sardonicus,' as the old writers called it, what conclusion would it suggest to your mind?
Watson: Death from some powerful vegetable alkaloid, some strychnine-like substance which would produce tetanus.
Holmes: That was the idea which occurred to me the instant I saw the drawn muscles of the face. On getting into the room I at once looked for the means by which the poison had entered the system. As you saw, I discovered a thorn which had been driven or shot with no great force into the scalp. You observe that the part struck was that which would be turned towards the hole in the ceiling if the man were erect in his chair. Now examine the thorn.
###
Watson: Is that an English thorn?
Holmes: No, it certainly is not. With all these data you should be able to draw some just inference. But here are the regulars: so the auxiliary forces may beat a retreat.
Unknown: Here's a business! Here's a pretty business! But who are all these? Why, the house seems to be as full as a rabbit-warren!
Holmes: I think you must recollect me, Mr. Athelney Jones.
Athelney Jones: Why, of course I do! It's Mr. Sherlock Holmes, the theorist. Remember you! I'll never forget how you lectured us all on causes and inferences and effects in the Bishopgate jewel case. It's true you set us on the right track; but you'll own now that it was more by good luck than good guidance.
Holmes: It was a piece of very simple reasoning.
Athelney Jones: Oh, come, now, come! Never be ashamed to own up. But what is all this? Bad business! Bad business! Stern facts here,--no room for theories. How lucky that I happened to be out at Norwood over another case! I was at the station when the message arrived. What d'you think the man died of?
Holmes: Oh, this is hardly a case for me to theorize over.
Athelney Jones: No, no. Still, we can't deny that you hit the nail on the head sometimes. Dear me! Door locked, I understand. Jewels worth half a million missing. How was the window?
###
Watson: No, no. Still, we can't deny that you hit the nail on the head sometimes. Dear me! Door locked, I understand. Jewels worth half a million missing. How was the window?
Holmes: Fastened; but there are steps on the sill.
Watson: Well, well, if it was fastened the steps could have nothing to do with the matter. That's common sense. Man might have died in a fit; but then the jewels are missing. Ha! I have a theory. These flashes come upon me at times.--Just step outside, sergeant, and you, Mr. Sholto. Your friend can remain.--What do you think of this, Holmes? Sholto was, on his own confession, with his brother last night. The brother died in a fit, on which Sholto walked off with the treasure. How's that?
Holmes: On which the dead man very considerately got up and locked the door on the inside.
Watson: Hum! There's a flaw there. Let us apply common sense to the matter. This Thaddeus Sholto was with his brother; there was a quarrel; so much we know. The brother is dead and the jewels are gone. So much also we know. No one saw the brother from the time Thaddeus left him. His bed had not been slept in. Thaddeus is evidently in a most disturbed state of mind. His appearance is--well, not attractive. You see that I am weaving my web round Thaddeus. The net begins to close upon him.
Holmes: You are not quite in possession of the facts yet, This splinter of wood, which I have every reason to believe to be poisoned, was in the man's scalp where you still see the mark; this card, inscribed as you see it, was on the table; and beside it lay this rather curious stone-headed instrument. How does all that fit into your theory?
###
Jones: Confirms it in every respect. House is full of Indian curiosities. Thaddeus brought this up, and if this splinter be poisonous Thaddeus may as well have made murderous use of it as any other man. The card is some hocus-pocus, a blind, as like as not. The only question is, how did he depart? Ah, of course, here is a hole in the roof.
Holmes: He can find something. He has occasional glimmerings of reason. Il n'y a pas des sots si incommodes que ceux qui ont de l'esprit!
Jones: You see! Facts are better than mere theories, after all. My view of the case is confirmed. There is a trap-door communicating with the roof, and it is partly open.
Sholto: It was I who opened it.
Jones: Oh, indeed! You did notice it, then? Well, whoever noticed it, it shows how our gentleman got away. Inspector! Ask Mr. Sholto to step this way. Mr. Sholto, it is my duty to inform you that anything which you may say will be used against you. I arrest you in the Queen's name as being concerned in the death of your brother.
Sholto: There, now! Didn't I tell you!
Holmes: Don't trouble yourself about it, Mr. Sholto. I think that I can engage to clear you of the charge.
Jones: Don't promise too much, Mr. Theorist, don't promise too much! You may find it a harder matter than you think.
###
Holmes: Don't trouble yourself about it, Mr. Sholto. I think that I can engage to clear you of the charge.
Detective: Don't promise too much, Mr. Theorist, don't promise too much! You may find it a harder matter than you think.
Holmes: Not only will I clear him, Mr. Jones, but I will make you a free present of the name and description of one of the two people who were in this room last night. His name, I have every reason to believe, is Jonathan Small. He is a poorly-educated man, small, active, with his right leg off, and wearing a wooden stump which is worn away upon the inner side. His left boot has a coarse, square-toed sole, with an iron band round the heel. He is a middle-aged man, much sunburned, and has been a convict. These few indications may be of some assistance to you, coupled with the fact that there is a good deal of skin missing from the palm of his hand. The other man--
Jones: Ah! the other man--?
Holmes: Is a rather curious person. I hope before very long to be able to introduce you to the pair of them. A word with you, Watson.
Holmes: This unexpected occurrence has caused us rather to lose sight of the original purpose of our journey.
Watson: I have just been thinking so. It is not right that Miss Morstan should remain in this stricken house.
Holmes: No. You must escort her home. She lives with Mrs. Cecil Forrester, in Lower Camberwell: so it is not very far. I will wait for you here if you will drive out again. Or perhaps you are too tired?
###
Holmes: No. You must escort her home. She lives with Mrs. Cecil Forrester, in Lower Camberwell: so it is not very far. I will wait for you here if you will drive out again. Or perhaps you are too tired?
Watson: By no means. I don't think I could rest until I know more of this fantastic business. I have seen something of the rough side of life, but I give you my word that this quick succession of strange surprises to-night has shaken my nerve completely. I should like, however, to see the matter through with you, now that I have got so far.
Holmes: Your presence will be of great service to me. We shall work the case out independently, and leave this fellow Jones to exult over any mare's-nest which he may choose to construct. When you have dropped Miss Morstan I wish you to go on to No. 3 Pinchin Lane, down near the water's edge at Lambeth. The third house on the right-hand side is a bird-stuffer's: Sherman is the name. You will see a weasel holding a young rabbit in the window. Knock old Sherman up, and tell him, with my compliments, that I want Toby at once. You will bring Toby back in the cab with you.
Watson: A dog, I suppose.
Holmes: Yes,--a queer mongrel, with a most amazing power of scent. I would rather have Toby's help than that of the whole detective force of London.
Watson: I shall bring him, then. It is one now. I ought to be back before three, if I can get a fresh horse.
Holmes: And I shall see what I can learn from Mrs. Bernstone, and from the Indian servant, who, Mr. Thaddeus tell me, sleeps in the next garret. Then I shall study the great Jones's methods and listen to his not too delicate sarcasms. 'Wir sind gewohnt, da die Menschen verhhnen was sie nicht verstehen.' Goethe is always pithy.
###
Holmes: Ah, you have him there! Good dog, then! Athelney Jones has gone. We have had an immense display of energy since you left. He has arrested not only friend Thaddeus, but the gatekeeper, the housekeeper, and the Indian servant. We have the place to ourselves, but for a sergeant up-stairs. Leave the dog here, and come up.
Holmes: Lend me your bull's-eye, sergeant. Now tie this bit of card round my neck, so as to hang it in front of me. Thank you. Now I must kick off my boots and stockings. Just you carry them down with you, Watson. I am going to do a little climbing. And dip my handkerchief into the creasote. That will do. Now come up into the garret with me for a moment.
Holmes: I wish you particularly to notice these footmarks. Do you observe anything noteworthy about them?
Watson: They belong to a child or a small woman.
Holmes: Apart from their size, though. Is there nothing else?
Watson: They appear to be much as other footmarks.
Holmes: Not at all. Look here! This is the print of a right foot in the dust. Now I make one with my naked foot beside it. What is the chief difference?
Watson: Your toes are all cramped together. The other print has each toe distinctly divided.
Holmes: Quite so. That is the point. Bear that in mind. Now, would you kindly step over to that flap-window and smell the edge of the wood-work? I shall stay here, as I have this handkerchief in my hand.
###
Holmes: That is where he put his foot in getting out. If you can trace him, I should think that Toby will have no difficulty. Now run down-stairs, loose the dog, and look out for Blondin.
Holmes: That You, Watson?
Watson: Yes.
Holmes: This is the place. What is that black thing down there?
Watson: A water barrel.
Holmes: Top on it?
Watson: Yes.
Holmes: No sign of a ladder?
Watson: No.
Holmes: Confound the fellow! It's a most break-neck place. I ought to be able to come down where he could climb up. The water-pipe feels pretty firm. Here goes, anyhow.
Holmes: It was easy to follow him. Tiles were loosened the whole way along, and in his hurry he had dropped this. It confirms my diagnosis, as you doctors express it.
Holmes: They are hellish things. Look out that you don't prick yourself. I'm delighted to have them, for the chances are that they are all he has. There is the less fear of you or me finding one in our skin before long. I would sooner face a Martini bullet, myself. Are you game for a six-mile trudge, Watson?
Watson: Certainly.
###
Watson: Certainly, Your leg will stand it?
Holmes: Oh, yes. Here you are, doggy! Good old Toby! Smell it, Toby, smell it!
Holmes: There's the print of wooden-leg's hand. You see the slight smudge of blood upon the white plaster. What a lucky thing it is that we have had no very heavy rain since yesterday! The scent will lie upon the road in spite of their eight-and-twenty hours' start.
###
Watson: Do not imagine that I depend for my success in this case upon the mere chance of one of these fellows having put his foot in the chemical. I have knowledge now which would enable me to trace them in many different ways. This, however, is the readiest and, since fortune has put it into our hands, I should be culpable if I neglected it. It has, however, prevented the case from becoming the pretty little intellectual problem which it at one time promised to be. There might have been some credit to be gained out of it, but for this too palpable clue.
Holmes: There is credit, and to spare. I assure you, Holmes, that I marvel at the means by which you obtain your results in this case, even more than I did in the Jefferson Hope Murder. The thing seems to me to be deeper and more inexplicable. How, for example, could you describe with such confidence the wooden-legged man?
###
Holmes: Pshaw, my dear boy! it was simplicity itself. I don't wish to be theatrical. It is all patent and above-board. Two officers who are in command of a convict-guard learn an important secret as to buried treasure. A map is drawn for them by an Englishman named Jonathan Small. You remember that we saw the name upon the chart in Captain Morstan's possession. He had signed it in behalf of himself and his associates,--the sign of the four, as he somewhat dramatically called it. Aided by this chart, the officers--or one of them--gets the treasure and brings it to England, leaving, we will suppose, some condition under which he received it unfulfilled. Now, then, why did not Jonathan Small get the treasure himself? The answer is obvious. The chart is dated at a time when Morstan was brought into close association with convicts. Jonathan Small did not get the treasure because he and his associates were themselves convicts and could not get away.
Watson: But that is mere speculation.
Holmes: It is more than that. It is the only hypothesis which covers the facts. Let us see how it fits in with the sequel. Major Sholto remains at peace for some years, happy in the possession of his treasure. Then he receives a letter from India which gives him a great fright. What was that?
Watson: A letter to say that the men whom he had wronged had been set free.
Holmes: Or had escaped. That is much more likely, for he would have known what their term of imprisonment was. It would not have been a surprise to him. What does he do then? He guards himself against a wooden-legged man,--a white man, mark you, for he mistakes a white tradesman for him, and actually fires a pistol at him. Now, only one white man's name is on the chart. The others are Hindoos or Mohammedans. There is no other white man. Therefore we may say with confidence that the wooden-legged man is identical with Jonathan Small. Does the reasoning strike you as being faulty?
Watson: No: it is clear and concise.
###
Holmes: No: it is clear and concise.
Holmes: Well, now, let us put ourselves in the place of Jonathan Small. Let us look at it from his point of view. He comes to England with the double idea of regaining what he would consider to be his rights and of having his revenge upon the man who had wronged him. He found out where Sholto lived, and very possibly he established communications with some one inside the house. There is this butler, Lal Rao, whom we have not seen. Mrs. Bernstone gives him far from a good character. Small could not find out, however, where the treasure was hid, for no one ever knew, save the major and one faithful servant who had died. Suddenly Small learns that the major is on his death-bed. In a frenzy lest the secret of the treasure die with him, he runs the gauntlet of the guards, makes his way to the dying man's window, and is only deterred from entering by the presence of his two sons. Mad with hate, however, against the dead man, he enters the room that night, searches his private papers in the hope of discovering some memorandum relating to the treasure, and finally leaves a memento of his visit in the short inscription upon the card. He had doubtless planned beforehand that should he slay the major he would leave some such record upon the body as a sign that it was not a common murder, but, from the point of view of the four associates, something in the nature of an act of justice. Whimsical and bizarre conceits of this kind are common enough in the annals of crime, and usually afford valuable indications as to the criminal. Do you follow all this?
Watson: Very clearly.
###
Holmes: Whimsical and bizarre conceits of this kind are common enough in the annals of crime, and usually afford valuable indications as to the criminal. Do you follow all this?
Watson: Very clearly.
Holmes: Now, what could Jonathan Small do? He could only continue to keep a secret watch upon the efforts made to find the treasure. Possibly he leaves England and only comes back at intervals. Then comes the discovery of the garret, and he is instantly informed of it. We again trace the presence of some confederate in the household. Jonathan, with his wooden leg, is utterly unable to reach the lofty room of Bartholomew Sholto. He takes with him, however, a rather curious associate, who gets over this difficulty, but dips his naked foot into creasote, whence come Toby, and a six-mile limp for a half-pay officer with a damaged tendo Achillis.
Watson: But it was the associate, and not Jonathan, who committed the crime.
Holmes: Quite so. And rather to Jonathan's disgust, to judge by the way he stamped about when he got into the room. He bore no grudge against Bartholomew Sholto, and would have preferred if he could have been simply bound and gagged. He did not wish to put his head in a halter. There was no help for it, however: the savage instincts of his companion had broken out, and the poison had done its work: so Jonathan Small left his record, lowered the treasure-box to the ground, and followed it himself. That was the train of events as far as I can decipher them. Of course as to his personal appearance he must be middle-aged, and must be sunburned after serving his time in such an oven as the Andamans. His height is readily calculated from the length of his stride, and we know that he was bearded. His hairiness was the one point which impressed itself upon Thaddeus Sholto when he saw him at the window. I don't know that there is anything else.
Watson: The associate?
###
Holmes: The associate?
Watson: Ah, well, there is no great mystery in that. But you will know all about it soon enough. How sweet the morning air is! See how that one little cloud floats like a pink feather from some gigantic flamingo. Now the red rim of the sun pushes itself over the London cloud-bank. It shines on a good many folk, but on none, I dare bet, who are on a stranger errand than you and I. How small we feel with our petty ambitions and strivings in the presence of the great elemental forces of nature! Are you well up in your Jean Paul?
Watson: Fairly so. I worked back to him through Carlyle.
Holmes: That was like following the brook to the parent lake. He makes one curious but profound remark. It is that the chief proof of man's real greatness lies in his perception of his own smallness. It argues, you see, a power of comparison and of appreciation which is in itself a proof of nobility. There is much food for thought in Richter. You have not a pistol, have you?
Watson: I have my stick.
Holmes: It is just possible that we may need something of the sort if we get to their lair. Jonathan I shall leave to you, but if the other turns nasty I shall shoot him dead. He took out his revolver as he spoke, and, having loaded two of the chambers, he put it back into the right-hand pocket of his jacket.
Holmes: We had during this time been following the guidance of Toby down the half-rural villa-lined roads which lead to the metropolis. Now, however, we were beginning to come among continuous streets, where laborers and dockmen were already astir, and slatternly women were taking down shutters and brushing door-steps. At the square-topped corner public houses business was just beginning, and rough-looking men were emerging, rubbing their sleeves across their beards after their morning wet. Strange dogs sauntered up and stared wonderingly at us as we passed, but our inimitable Toby looked neither to the right nor to the left, but trotted onwards with his nose to the ground and an occasional eager whine which spoke of a hot scent.
###
Watson: What the deuce is the matter with the dog? They surely would not take a cab, or go off in a balloon.
Holmes: Perhaps they stood here for some time.
Watson: Ah! it's all right. He's off again.
Holmes: He was indeed off, for after sniffing round again he suddenly made up his mind, and darted away with an energy and determination such as he had not yet shown. The scent appeared to be much hotter than before, for he had not even to put his nose on the ground, but tugged at his leash and tried to break into a run. I could see by the gleam in Holmes's eyes that he thought we were nearing the end of our journey.
###
Watson: What now? Toby has lost his character for infallibility.
Holmes: He acted according to his lights. If you consider how much creasote is carted about London in one day, it is no great wonder that our trail should have been crossed. It is much used now, especially for the seasoning of wood. Poor Toby is not to blame.
Watson: We must get on the main scent again, I suppose.
Holmes: Yes. And, fortunately, we have no distance to go. Evidently what puzzled the dog at the corner of Knight's Place was that there were two different trails running in opposite directions. We took the wrong one. It only remains to follow the other.
Watson: We must take care that he does not now bring us to the place where the creasote-barrel came from, I observed.
###
Watson: We must take care that he does not now bring us to the place where the creasote-barrel came from, I observed.
Holmes: I had thought of that. But you notice that he keeps on the pavement, whereas the barrel passed down the roadway. No, we are on the true scent now.
Holmes: We are out of luck, They have taken to a boat here.
Holmes: This looks bad, These fellows are sharper than I expected. They seem to have covered their tracks. There has, I fear, been preconcerted management here.
Woman: You come back and be washed, Jack, Come back, you young imp; for if your father comes home and finds you like that, he'll let us hear of it.
Holmes: Dear little chap! What a rosy-cheeked young rascal! Now, Jack, is there anything you would like?
Jack: I'd like a shillin',
Holmes: Nothing you would like better?
###
Holmes: Dear little chap! What a rosy-cheeked young rascal! Now, Jack, is there anything you would like?
Jack: I'd like a shillin'.
Holmes: Nothing you would like better?
Jack: I'd like two shillin' better.
Holmes: Here you are, then! Catch!--A fine child, Mrs. Smith!
Mrs. Smith: Lor' bless you, sir, he is that, and forward. He gets a'most too much for me to manage, 'specially when my man is away days at a time.
Holmes: Away, is he? I am sorry for that, for I wanted to speak to Mr. Smith.
Mrs. Smith: He's been away since yesterday mornin', sir, and, truth to tell, I am beginnin' to feel frightened about him. But if it was about a boat, sir, maybe I could serve as well.
Holmes: I wanted to hire his steam launch.
Mrs. Smith: Why, bless you, sir, it is in the steam launch that he has gone. That's what puzzles me; for I know there ain't more coals in her than would take her to about Woolwich and back. If he'd been away in the barge I'd ha' thought nothin'; for many a time a job has taken him as far as Gravesend, and then if there was much doin' there he might ha' stayed over. But what good is a steam launch without coals?
Holmes: He might have bought some at a wharf down the river.
Mrs. Smith: He might, sir, but it weren't his way. Many a time I've heard him call out at the prices they charge for a few odd bags. Besides, I don't like that wooden-legged man, wi' his ugly face and outlandish talk. What did he want always knockin' about here for?
Holmes: A wooden-legged man?
Mrs. Smith: Yes, sir, a brown, monkey-faced chap that's called more'n once for my old man. It was him that roused him up yesternight, and, what's more, my man knew he was comin', for he had steam up in the launch. I tell you straight, sir, I don't feel easy in my mind about it.
###
Holmes: But, my dear Mrs. Smith, You are frightening yourself about nothing. How could you possibly tell that it was the wooden-legged man who came in the night? I don't quite understand how you can be so sure.
Mrs. Smith: His voice, sir. I knew his voice, which is kind o' thick and foggy. He tapped at the winder,--about three it would be. 'Show a leg, matey,' says he: 'time to turn out guard.' My old man woke up Jim,--that's my eldest,--and away they went, without so much as a word to me. I could hear the wooden leg clackin' on the stones.
Holmes: And was this wooden legged man alone?
Mrs. Smith: Couldn't say, I am sure, sir. I didn't hear no one else.
Holmes: I am sorry, Mrs. Smith, for I wanted a steam launch, and I have heard good reports of the--Let me see, what is her name?
Mrs. Smith: The Aurora, sir.
Holmes: Thanks. I hope that you will hear soon from Mr. Smith. I am going down the river; and if I should see anything of the Aurora I shall let him know that you are uneasy. A black funnel, you say?
Mrs. Smith: No, sir. Black with a white band.
Holmes: Ah, of course. It was the sides which were black. Good-morning, Mrs. Smith.--There is a boatman here with a wherry, Watson. We shall take it and cross the river.
Holmes: The main thing with people of that sort is never to let them think that their information can be of the slightest importance to you. If you do, they will instantly shut up like an oyster. If you listen to them under protest, as it were, you are very likely to get what you want.
Watson: Our course now seems pretty clear.
Holmes: What would you do, then?
Watson: I would engage a launch and go down the river on the track of the Aurora.
###
Watson: Our course now seems pretty clear.
Holmes: What would you do, then?
Watson: I would engage a launch and go down the river on the track of the Aurora.
Holmes: My dear fellow, it would be a colossal task. She may have touched at any wharf on either side of the stream between here and Greenwich. Below the bridge there is a perfect labyrinth of landing-places for miles. It would take you days and days to exhaust them, if you set about it alone.
Watson: Employ the police, then.
Holmes: No. I shall probably call Athelney Jones in at the last moment. He is not a bad fellow, and I should not like to do anything which would injure him professionally. But I have a fancy for working it out myself, now that we have gone so far.
Watson: Could we advertise, then, asking for information from wharfingers?
Holmes: Worse and worse! Our men would know that the chase was hot at their heels, and they would be off out of the country. As it is, they are likely enough to leave, but as long as they think they are perfectly safe they will be in no hurry. Jones's energy will be of use to us there, for his view of the case is sure to push itself into the daily press, and the runaways will think that every one is off on the wrong scent.
Watson: What are we to do, then?
Holmes: Take this hansom, drive home, have some breakfast, and get an hour's sleep. It is quite on the cards that we may be afoot to-night again. Stop at a telegraph-office, cabby! We will keep Toby, for he may be of use to us yet.
Holmes: Whom do you think that is to?
Watson: I am sure I don't know.
Holmes: You remember the Baker Street division of the detective police force whom I employed in the Jefferson Hope case?
Watson: Well.
###
Watson: I am sure I don't know.
Holmes: You remember the Baker Street division of the detective police force whom I employed in the Jefferson Hope case?
Watson: Well.
Holmes: This is just the case where they might be invaluable. If they fail, I have other resources; but I shall try them first. That wire was to my dirty little lieutenant, Wiggins, and I expect that he and his gang will be with us before we have finished our breakfast.
Watson: It was between eight and nine o'clock now, and I was conscious of a strong reaction after the successive excitements of the night. I was limp and weary, befogged in mind and fatigued in body. I had not the professional enthusiasm which carried my companion on, nor could I look at the matter as a mere abstract intellectual problem. As far as the death of Bartholomew Sholto went, I had heard little good of him, and could feel no intense antipathy to his murderers. The treasure, however, was a different matter. That, or part of it, belonged rightfully to Miss Morstan. While there was a chance of recovering it I was ready to devote my life to the one object. True, if I found it it would probably put her forever beyond my reach. Yet it would be a petty and selfish love which would be influenced by such a thought as that. If Holmes could work to find the criminals, I had a tenfold stronger reason to urge me on to find the treasure.
Watson: A bath at Baker Street and a complete change freshened me up wonderfully. When I came down to our room I found the breakfast laid and Holmes pouring out the coffee.
Holmes: Here it is, laughing, and pointing to an open newspaper. The energetic Jones and the ubiquitous reporter have fixed it up between them. But you have had enough of the case. Better have your ham and eggs first.
###
Narrator: It is quite certain that the thief or thieves were well acquainted with the house, for Mr. Jones's well-known technical knowledge and his powers of minute observation have enabled him to prove conclusively that the miscreants could not have entered by the door or by the window, but must have made their way across the roof of the building, and so through a trap-door into a room which communicated with that in which the body was found. This fact, which has been very clearly made out, proves conclusively that it was no mere haphazard burglary. The prompt and energetic action of the officers of the law shows the great advantage of the presence on such occasions of a single vigorous and masterful mind. We cannot but think that it supplies an argument to those who would wish to see our detectives more decentralized, and so brought into closer and more effective touch with the cases which it is their duty to investigate.
Holmes: Isn't it gorgeous! What do you think of it?
Watson: I think that we have had a close shave ourselves of being arrested for the crime.
Holmes: So do I. I wouldn't answer for our safety now, if he should happen to have another of his attacks of energy.
Watson: By heaven, Holmes, I believe that they are really after us.
Holmes: No, it's not quite so bad as that. It is the unofficial force, the Baker Street irregulars.
###
Wiggins: Got your message, sir, and brought 'em on sharp. Three bob and a tanner for tickets.
Holmes: Here you are. In future they can report to you, Wiggins, and you to me. I cannot have the house invaded in this way. However, it is just as well that you should all hear the instructions. I want to find the whereabouts of a steam launch called the Aurora, owner Mordecai Smith, black with two red streaks, funnel black with a white band. She is down the river somewhere. I want one boy to be at Mordecai Smith's landing-stage opposite Millbank to say if the boat comes back. You must divide it out among yourselves, and do both banks thoroughly. Let me know the moment you have news. Is that all clear?
Wiggins: Yes, guv'nor.
Holmes: The old scale of pay, and a guinea to the boy who finds the boat. Here's a day in advance. Now off you go!
Holmes: If the launch is above water they will find her. They can go everywhere, see everything, overhear everyone. I expect to hear before evening that they have spotted her. In the meanwhile, we can do nothing but await results. We cannot pick up the broken trail until we find either the Aurora or Mr. Mordecai Smith.
Watson: Toby could eat these scraps, I dare say. Are you going to bed, Holmes?
Holmes: No: I am not tired. I have a curious constitution. I never remember feeling tired by work, though idleness exhausts me completely. I am going to smoke and to think over this queer business to which my fair client has introduced us. If ever man had an easy task, this of ours ought to be. Wooden-legged men are not so common, but the other man must, I should think, be absolutely unique.
Watson: That other man again!
###
Watson: That other man again!
Holmes: I have no wish to make a mystery of him, to you, anyway. But you must have formed your own opinion. Now, do consider the data. Diminutive footmarks, toes never fettered by boots, naked feet, stone-headed wooden mace, great agility, small poisoned darts. What do you make of all this?
Watson: A savage! Perhaps one of those Indians who were the associates of Jonathan Small.
Holmes: Hardly that. When first I saw signs of strange weapons I was inclined to think so; but the remarkable character of the footmarks caused me to reconsider my views. Some of the inhabitants of the Indian Peninsula are small men, but none could have left such marks as that. The Hindoo proper has long and thin feet. The sandal-wearing Mohammedan has the great toe well separated from the others, because the thong is commonly passed between. These little darts, too, could only be shot in one way. They are from a blow-pipe. Now, then, where are we to find our savage?
Watson: South American.
###
Watson: South American.
Holmes: This is the first volume of a gazetteer which is now being published. It may be looked upon as the very latest authority. What have we here? 'Andaman Islands, situated 340 miles to the north of Sumatra, in the Bay of Bengal.' Hum! hum! What's all this? Moist climate, coral reefs, sharks, Port Blair, convict-barracks, Rutland Island, cottonwoods--Ah, here we are. 'The aborigines of the Andaman Islands may perhaps claim the distinction of being the smallest race upon this earth, though some anthropologists prefer the Bushmen of Africa, the Digger Indians of America, and the Terra del Fuegians. The average height is rather below four feet, although many full-grown adults may be found who are very much smaller than this. They are a fierce, morose, and intractable people, though capable of forming most devoted friendships when their confidence has once been gained.' Mark that, Watson. Now, then, listen to this. 'They are naturally hideous, having large, misshapen heads, small, fierce eyes, and distorted features. Their feet and hands, however, are remarkably small. So intractable and fierce are they that all the efforts of the British official have failed to win them over in any degree. They have always been a terror to shipwrecked crews, braining the survivors with their stone-headed clubs, or shooting them with their poisoned arrows. These massacres are invariably concluded by a cannibal feast.' Nice, amiable people, Watson! If this fellow had been left to his own unaided devices this affair might have taken an even more ghastly turn. I fancy that, even as it is, Jonathan Small would give a good deal not to have employed him.
Watson: But how came he to have so singular a companion?
###
Watson: But how came he to have so singular a companion?
Holmes: Ah, that is more than I can tell. Since, however, we had already determined that Small had come from the Andamans, it is not so very wonderful that this islander should be with him. No doubt we shall know all about it in time. Look here, Watson; you look regularly done. Lie down there on the sofa, and see if I can put you to sleep.
Holmes: You have slept soundly. I feared that our talk would wake you.
Watson: I heard nothing. Have you had fresh news, then?
Holmes: Unfortunately, no. I confess that I am surprised and disappointed. I expected something definite by this time. Wiggins has just been up to report. He says that no trace can be found of the launch. It is a provoking check, for every hour is of importance.
Watson: Can I do anything? I am perfectly fresh now, and quite ready for another night's outing.
Holmes: No, we can do nothing. We can only wait. If we go ourselves, the message might come in our absence, and delay be caused. You can do what you will, but I must remain on guard.
Watson: Then I shall run over to Camberwell and call upon Mrs. Cecil Forrester. She asked me to, yesterday.
Holmes: On Mrs. Cecil Forrester?
###
Watson: Then I shall run over to Camberwell and call upon Mrs. Cecil Forrester. She asked me to, yesterday.
Holmes: On Mrs. Cecil Forrester?
Holmes: I would not tell them too much. Women are never to be entirely trusted, not the best of them.
Watson: I shall be back in an hour or two.
Holmes: All right! Good luck! But, I say, if you are crossing the river you may as well return Toby, for I don't think it is at all likely that we shall have any use for him now.
Watson: It is a romance! An injured lady, half a million in treasure, a black cannibal, and a wooden-legged ruffian. They take the place of the conventional dragon or wicked earl.
Miss Morstan: And two knight-errants to the rescue.
Mrs. Forrester: Why, Mary, your fortune depends upon the issue of this search. I don't think that you are nearly excited enough. Just imagine what it must be to be so rich, and to have the world at your feet!
Mrs. Forrester: It sent a little thrill of joy to my heart to notice that she showed no sign of elation at the prospect. On the contrary, she gave a toss of her proud head, as though the matter were one in which she took small interest.
###
Watson: You are knocking yourself up, old man. I heard you marching about in the night.
Holmes: No, I could not sleep. This infernal problem is consuming me. It is too much to be balked by so petty an obstacle, when all else had been overcome. I know the men, the launch, everything; and yet I can get no news. I have set other agencies at work, and used every means at my disposal. The whole river has been searched on either side, but there is no news, nor has Mrs. Smith heard of her husband. I shall come to the conclusion soon that they have scuttled the craft. But there are objections to that.
Watson: Or that Mrs. Smith has put us on a wrong scent.
Holmes: No, I think that may be dismissed. I had inquiries made, and there is a launch of that description. Could it have gone up the river?
Watson: I have considered that possibility too, and there is a search-party who will work up as far as Richmond. If no news comes today, I shall start off myself tomorrow, and go for the men rather than the boat. But surely, surely, we shall hear something.
###
Watson: I have considered that possibility too, and there is a search-party who will work up as far as Richmond. If no news comes today, I shall start off myself tomorrow, and go for the men rather than the boat. But surely, surely, we shall hear something.
Watson: We did not, however. Not a word came to us either from Wiggins or from the other agencies. There were articles in most of the papers upon the Norwood tragedy. They all appeared to be rather hostile to the unfortunate Thaddeus Sholto. No fresh details were to be found, however, in any of them, save that an inquest was to be held upon the following day. I walked over to Camberwell in the evening to report our ill success to the ladies, and on my return I found Holmes dejected and somewhat morose. He would hardly reply to my questions, and busied himself all evening in an abstruse chemical analysis which involved much heating of retorts and distilling of vapors, ending at last in a smell which fairly drove me out of the apartment. Up to the small hours of the morning I could hear the clinking of his test-tubes which told me that he was still engaged in his malodorous experiment.
Watson: In the early dawn I woke with a start, and was surprised to find him standing by my bedside, clad in a rude sailor dress with a pea-jacket, and a coarse red scarf round his neck.
Holmes: I am off down the river, Watson. I have been turning it over in my mind, and I can see only one way out of it. It is worth trying, at all events.
Watson: Surely I can come with you, then?
Holmes: No, you can be much more useful if you will remain here as my representative. I am loath to go, for it is quite on the cards that some message may come during the day, though Wiggins was despondent about it last night. I want you to open all notes and telegrams, and to act on your own judgment if any news should come. Can I rely upon you?
Watson: Most certainly.
###
Holmes: Then tell me, and I shall let him know.
Old Man: It was to him I was to tell it.
Old Man: Well, you must wait for him.
Old Man: No, no; I ain't goin' to lose a whole day to please no one. If Mr. Holmes ain't here, then Mr. Holmes must find it all out for himself. I don't care about the look of either of you, and I won't tell a word.
Athelney Jones: Wait a bit, my friend. You have important information, and you must not walk off. We shall keep you, whether you like or not, until our friend returns.
Old Man: Pretty sort o' treatment this! I come here to see a gentleman, and you two, who I never saw in my life, seize me and treat me in this fashion!
Watson: You will be none the worse. We shall recompense you for the loss of your time. Sit over here on the sofa, and you will not have long to wait.
Holmes: I think that you might offer me a cigar too.
Holmes: Here is the old man. Here he is,--wig, whiskers, eyebrows, and all. I thought my disguise was pretty good, but I hardly expected that it would stand that test.
Jones: Ah, you rogue! You would have made an actor, and a rare one. You had the proper workhouse cough, and those weak legs of yours are worth ten pound a week. I thought I knew the glint of your eye, though. You didn't get away from us so easily, you see.
###
Holmes: I have been working in that get-up all day. You see, a good many of the criminal classes begin to know me, especially since our friend here took to publishing some of my cases, so I can only go on the war-path under some simple disguise like this. You got my wire?
Watson: Yes, that was what brought me here.
Holmes: How has your case prospered?
Watson: It has all come to nothing. I have had to release two of my prisoners, and there is no evidence against the other two.
Holmes: Never mind. We shall give you two others in the place of them. But you must put yourself under my orders. You are welcome to all the official credit, but you must act on the line that I point out. Is that agreed?
Watson: Entirely, if you will help me to the men.
Holmes: Well, then, in the first place I shall want a fast police-boat, a steam launch, to be at the Westminster Stairs at seven o'clock.
Watson: That is easily managed. There is always one about there; but I can step across the road and telephone to make sure.
Holmes: Then I shall want two stanch men, in case of resistance.
Watson: There will be two or three in the boat. What else?
Holmes: When we secure the men we shall get the treasure. I think that it would be a pleasure to my friend here to take the box round to the young lady to whom half of it rightfully belongs. Let her be the first to open it. Eh, Watson?
Watson: It would be a great pleasure to me.
Jones: Rather an irregular proceeding. However, the whole thing is irregular, and I suppose we must wink at it. The treasure must afterwards be handed over to the authorities until after the official investigation.
Holmes: Certainly. That is easily managed. One other point. I should much like to have a few details about this matter from the lips of Jonathan Small himself. You know I like to work the detail of my cases out. There is no objection to my having an unofficial interview with him, either here in my rooms or elsewhere, as long as he is efficiently guarded?
###
Watson: Well, you are master of the situation. I have had no proof yet of the existence of this Jonathan Small. However, if you can catch him I don't see how I can refuse you an interview with him.
Holmes: That is understood, then?
Watson: Perfectly. Is there anything else?
Holmes: Only that I insist upon your dining with us. It will be ready in half an hour. I have oysters and a brace of grouse, with something a little choice in white wines.--Watson, you have never yet recognized my merits as a housekeeper.
Watson: Our meal was a merry one. Holmes could talk exceedingly well when he chose, and that night he did choose. He appeared to be in a state of nervous exaltation. I have never known him so brilliant. He spoke on a quick succession of subjects,--on miracle-plays, on medieval pottery, on Stradivarius violins, on the Buddhism of Ceylon, and on the war-ships of the future,--handling each as though he had made a special study of it. His bright humor marked the reaction from his black depression of the preceding days. Athelney Jones proved to be a sociable soul in his hours of relaxation, and face his dinner with the air of a bon vivant. For myself, I felt elated at the thought that we were nearing the end of our task, and I caught something of Holmes's gaiety. None of us alluded during dinner to the cause which had brought us together.
Holmes: When the cloth was cleared, Holmes glanced at this watch, and filled up three glasses with port. "One bumper," said he, "to the success of our little expedition. And now it is high time we were off. Have you a pistol, Watson?"
Watson: I have my old service-revolver in my desk.
Holmes: You had best take it, then. It is well to be prepared. I see that the cab is at the door. I ordered it for half-past six.
Holmes: It was a little past seven before we reached the Westminster wharf, and found our launch awaiting us. Holmes eyed it critically.
Watson: Is there anything to mark it as a police-boat?
Holmes: Yes,--that green lamp at the side.
Watson: Then take it off.
###
Holmes: Is there anything to mark it as a police-boat?
Watson: Yes, that green lamp at the side.
Holmes: Then take it off.
Jones: Where to?
Holmes: To the Tower. Tell them to stop opposite Jacobson's Yard.
Holmes: We ought to be able to catch anything on the river.
Holmes: We shall have to catch the Aurora, and she has a name for being a clipper. I will tell you how the land lies, Watson. You recollect how annoyed I was at being balked by so small a thing?
###
Holmes: We shall have to catch the Aurora, and she has a name for being a clipper. I will tell you how the land lies, Watson. You recollect how annoyed I was at being balked by so small a thing?
Watson: Yes.
Holmes: Well, I gave my mind a thorough rest by plunging into a chemical analysis. One of our greatest statesmen has said that a change of work is the best rest. So it is. When I had succeeded in dissolving the hydrocarbon which I was at work at, I came back to our problem of the Sholtos, and thought the whole matter out again. My boys had been up the river and down the river without result. The launch was not at any landing-stage or wharf, nor had it returned. Yet it could hardly have been scuttled to hide their traces, though that always remained as a possible hypothesis if all else failed. I knew this man Small had a certain degree of low cunning, but I did not think him capable of anything in the nature of delicate finesse. That is usually a product of higher education. I then reflected that since he had certainly been in London some time as we had evidence that he maintained a continual watch over Pondicherry Lodge, he could hardly leave at a moment's notice, but would need some little time, if it were only a day, to arrange his affairs. That was the balance of probability, at any rate.
Watson: It seems to me to be a little weak. It is more probable that he had arranged his affairs before ever he set out upon his expedition.
###
Watson: It seems to me to be a little weak. It is more probable that he had arranged his affairs before ever he set out upon his expedition.
Holmes: No, I hardly think so. This lair of his would be too valuable a retreat in case of need for him to give it up until he was sure that he could do without it. But a second consideration struck me. Jonathan Small must have felt that the peculiar appearance of his companion, however much he may have top-coated him, would give rise to gossip, and possibly be associated with this Norwood tragedy. He was quite sharp enough to see that. They had started from their head-quarters under cover of darkness, and he would wish to get back before it was broad light. Now, it was past three o'clock, according to Mrs. Smith, when they got the boat. It would be quite bright, and people would be about in an hour or so. Therefore, I argued, they did not go very far. They paid Smith well to hold his tongue, reserved his launch for the final escape, and hurried to their lodgings with the treasure-box. In a couple of nights, when they had time to see what view the papers took, and whether there was any suspicion, they would make their way under cover of darkness to some ship at Gravesend or in the Downs, where no doubt they had already arranged for passages to America or the Colonies.
Watson: But the launch? They could not have taken that to their lodgings.
###
Holmes: But the launch? They could not have taken that to their lodgings.
Watson: Quite so. I argued that the launch must be no great way off, in spite of its invisibility. I then put myself in the place of Small, and looked at it as a man of his capacity would. He would probably consider that to send back the launch or to keep it at a wharf would make pursuit easy if the police did happen to get on his track. How, then, could he conceal the launch and yet have her at hand when wanted? I wondered what I should do myself if I were in his shoes. I could only think of one way of doing it. I might land the launch over to some boat-builder or repairer, with directions to make a trifling change in her. She would then be removed to his shed or hard, and so be effectually concealed, while at the same time I could have her at a few hours' notice.
Holmes: That seems simple enough.
###
Watson: That seems simple enough.
Holmes: It is just these very simple things which are extremely liable to be overlooked. However, I determined to act on the idea. I started at once in this harmless seaman's rig and inquired at all the yards down the river. I drew blank at fifteen, but at the sixteenth--Jacobson's--I learned that the Aurora had been handed over to them two days ago by a wooden-legged man, with some trivial directions as to her rudder. 'There ain't naught amiss with her rudder,' said the foreman. 'There she lies, with the red streaks.' At that moment who should come down but Mordecai Smith, the missing owner? He was rather the worse for liquor. I should not, of course, have known him, but he bellowed out his name and the name of his launch. 'I want her to-night at eight o'clock,' said he,--'eight o'clock sharp, mind, for I have two gentlemen who won't be kept waiting.' They had evidently paid him well, for he was very flush of money, chucking shillings about to the men. I followed him some distance, but he subsided into an ale-house: so I went back to the yard, and, happening to pick up one of my boys on the way, I stationed him as a sentry over the launch. He is to stand at water's edge and wave his handkerchief to us when they start. We shall be lying off in the stream, and it will be a strange thing if we do not take men, treasure, and all.
Jones: You have planned it all very neatly, whether they are the right men or not, but if the affair were in my hands I should have had a body of police in Jacobson's Yard, and arrested them when they came down.
Holmes: Which would have been never. This man Small is a pretty shrewd fellow. He would send a scout on ahead, and if anything made him suspicious lie snug for another week.
Watson: But you might have stuck to Mordecai Smith, and so been led to their hiding-place.
###
Watson: But you might have stuck to Mordecai Smith, and so been led to their hiding-place.
Holmes: In that case I should have wasted my day. I think that it is a hundred to one against Smith knowing where they live. As long as he has liquor and good pay, why should he ask questions? They send him messages what to do. No, I thought over every possible course, and this is the best.
Holmes: That is Jacobson's Yard. Cruise gently up and down here under cover of this string of lighters.
Holmes: I see my sentry at his post, but no sign of a handkerchief.
Jones: Suppose we go down-stream a short way and lie in wait for them.
Holmes: We have no right to take anything for granted. It is certainly ten to one that they go down-stream, but we cannot be certain. From this point we can see the entrance of the yard, and they can hardly see us. It will be a clear night and plenty of light. We must stay where we are. See how the folk swarm over yonder in the gaslight.
Watson: Dirty-looking rascals, but I suppose every one has some little immortal spark concealed about him. You would not think it, to look at them. There is no a priori probability about it. A strange enigma is man!
Watson: Some one calls him a soul concealed in an animal, I suggested.
###
Watson: Some one calls him a soul concealed in an animal.
Holmes: Winwood Reade is good upon the subject. He remarks that, while the individual man is an insoluble puzzle, in the aggregate he becomes a mathematical certainty. You can, for example, never foretell what any one man will do, but you can say with precision what an average number will be up to. Individuals vary, but percentages remain constant. So says the statistician. But do I see a handkerchief? Surely there is a white flutter over yonder.
Watson: Yes, it is your boy. I can see him plainly.
Holmes: And there is the Aurora, and going like the devil! Full speed ahead, engineer. Make after that launch with the yellow light. By heaven, I shall never forgive myself if she proves to have the heels of us!
Jones: She is very fast. I doubt if we shall catch her.
Holmes: We must catch her! Heap it on, stokers! Make her do all she can! If we burn the boat we must have them!
###
Holmes: She is very fast, I doubt if we shall catch her.
Holmes: We must catch her! Heap it on, stokers! Make her do all she can! If we burn the boat we must have them!
Holmes: Pile it on, men, pile it on! Get every pound of steam you can.
Jones: I think we gain a little.
Watson: I am sure of it, We shall be up with her in a very few minutes.
###
Holmes: Fire if he raises his hand.
Holmes: It was well that we had so clear a view of him. Even as we looked he plucked out from under his covering a short, round piece of wood, like a school-ruler, and clapped it to his lips. Our pistols rang out together. He whirled round, threw up his arms, and with a kind of choking cough fell sideways into the stream. I caught one glimpse of his venomous, menacing eyes amid the white swirl of the waters. At the same moment the wooden-legged man threw himself upon the rudder and put it hard down, so that his boat made straight in for the southern bank, while we shot past her stern, only clearing her by a few feet. We were round after her in an instant, but she was already nearly at the bank. It was a wild and desolate place, where the moon glimmered upon a wide expanse of marsh-land, with pools of stagnant water and beds of decaying vegetation. The launch with a dull thud ran up upon the mud-bank, with her bow in the air and her stern flush with the water. The fugitive sprang out, but his stump instantly sank its whole length into the sodden soil. In vain he struggled and writhed. Not one step could he possibly take either forwards or backwards. He yelled in impotent rage, and kicked frantically into the mud with his other foot, but his struggles only bored his wooden pin the deeper into the sticky bank.
###
Holmes: See here, We were hardly quick enough with our pistols.
###
Holmes: Well, Jonathan Small, I am sorry that it has come to this.
Small: And so am I, sir. I don't believe that I can swing over the job. I give you my word on the book that I never raised hand against Mr. Sholto. It was that little hell-hound Tonga who shot one of his cursed darts into him. I had no part in it, sir. I was as grieved as if it had been my blood-relation. I welted the little devil with the slack end of the rope for it, but it was done, and I could not undo it again.
Holmes: Have a cigar, and you had best take a pull out of my flask, for you are very wet. How could you expect so small and weak a man as this black fellow to overpower Mr. Sholto and hold him while you were climbing the rope?
###
Holmes: Have a cigar, and you had best take a pull out of my flask, for you are very wet. How could you expect so small and weak a man as this black fellow to overpower Mr. Sholto and hold him while you were climbing the rope?
Watson: You seem to know as much about it as if you were there, sir. The truth is that I hoped to find the room clear. I knew the habits of the house pretty well, and it was the time when Mr. Sholto usually went down to his supper. I shall make no secret of the business. The best defence that I can make is just the simple truth. Now, if it had been the old major I would have swung for him with a light heart. I would have thought no more of knifing him than of smoking this cigar. But it's cursed hard that I should be lagged over this young Sholto, with whom I had no quarrel whatever.
Holmes: You are under the charge of Mr. Athelney Jones, of Scotland Yard. He is going to bring you up to my rooms, and I shall ask you for a true account of the matter. You must make a clean breast of it, for if you do I hope that I may be of use to you. I think I can prove that the poison acts so quickly that the man was dead before ever you reached the room.
###
Unknown: That he was, sir. I never got such a turn in my life as when I saw him grinning at me with his head on his shoulder as I climbed through the window. It fairly shook me, sir. I'd have half killed Tonga for it if he had not scrambled off. That was how he came to leave his club, and some of his darts too, as he tells me, which I dare say helped to put you on our track; though how you kept on it is more than I can tell. I don't feel no malice against you for it. But it does seem a queer thing, that I who have a fair claim to nigh upon half a million of money should spend the first half of my life building a breakwater in the Andamans, and am like to spend the other half digging drains at Dartmoor. It was an evil day for me when first I clapped eyes upon the merchant Achmet and had to do with the Agra treasure, which never brought anything but a curse yet upon the man who owned it. To him it brought murder, to Major Sholto it brought fear and guilt, to me it has meant slavery for life.
Athelney Jones: Quite a family party. I think I shall have a pull at that flask, Holmes. Well, I think we may all congratulate each other. Pity we didn't take the other alive; but there was no choice. I say, Holmes, you must confess that you cut it rather fine. It was all we could do to overhaul her.
Holmes: All is well that ends well. But I certainly did not know that the Aurora was such a clipper.
Prisoner: Smith says she is one of the fastest launches on the river, and that if he had had another man to help him with the engines we should never have caught her. He swears he knew nothing of this Norwood business.
Prisoner: Neither he did, not a word. I chose his launch because I heard that she was a flier. We told him nothing, but we paid him well, and he was to get something handsome if we reached our vessel, the Esmeralda, at Gravesend, outward bound for the Brazils.
###
Watson: Mr. Thaddeus Sholto is a rich man. He will see that you are rewarded, treasure or no.
Inspector: It's a bad job, and so Mr. Athelney Jones will think.
Watson: His forecast proved to be correct, for the detective looked blank enough when I got to Baker Street and showed him the empty box.
Holmes: This is your doing, Small.
Athelney Jones: Yes, I have put it away where you shall never lay hand upon it. It is my treasure; and if I can't have the loot I'll take darned good care that no one else does. I tell you that no living man has any right to it, unless it is three men who are in the Andaman convict-barracks and myself. I know now that I cannot have the use of it, and I know that they cannot. I have acted all through for them as much as for myself. It's been the sign of four with us always. Well I know that they would have had me do just what I have done, and throw the treasure into the Thames rather than let it go to kith or kin of Sholto or of Morstan. It was not to make them rich that we did for Achmet. You'll find the treasure where the key is, and where little Tonga is. When I saw that your launch must catch us, I put the loot away in a safe place. There are no rupees for you this journey.
Athelney Jones: You are deceiving us, Small. If you had wished to throw the treasure into the Thames it would have been easier for you to have thrown box and all.
###
Holmes: This is a very serious matter, Small. If you had helped justice, instead of thwarting it in this way, you would have had a better chance at your trial.
Small: Justice! A pretty justice! Whose loot is this, if it is not ours? Where is the justice that I should give it up to those who have never earned it? Look how I have earned it! Twenty long years in that fever-ridden swamp, all day at work under the mangrove-tree, all night chained up in the filthy convict-huts, bitten by mosquitoes, racked with ague, bullied by every cursed black-faced policeman who loved to take it out of a white man. That was how I earned the Agra treasure; and you talk to me of justice because I cannot bear to feel that I have paid this price only that another may enjoy it! I would rather swing a score of times, or have one of Tonga's darts in my hide, than live in a convict's cell and feel that another man is at his ease in a palace with the money that should be mine.
Holmes: You forget that we know nothing of all this. We have not heard your story, and we cannot tell how far justice may originally have been on your side.
Small: Well, sir, you have been very fair-spoken to me, though I can see that I have you to thank that I have these bracelets upon my wrists. Still, I bear no grudge for that. It is all fair and above-board. If you want to hear my story I have no wish to hold it back. What I say to you is God's truth, every word of it. Thank you; you can put the glass beside me here, and I'll put my lips to it if I am dry.
###
Watson: He stopped, and held out his manacled hands for the whiskey-and-water which Holmes had brewed for him. For myself, I confess that I had now conceived the utmost horror of the man, not only for this cold-blooded business in which he had been concerned, but even more for the somewhat flippant and careless way in which he narrated it. Whatever punishment was in store for him, I felt that he might expect no sympathy from me. Sherlock Holmes and Jones sat with their hands upon their knees, deeply interested in the story, but with the same disgust written upon their faces. He may have observed it, for there was a touch of defiance in his voice and manner as he proceeded.
Culprit: It was all very bad, no doubt, said he. "I should like to know how many fellows in my shoes would have refused a share of this loot when they knew that they would have their throats cut for their pains. Besides, it was my life or his when once he was in the fort. If he had got out, the whole business would come to light, and I should have been court-martialled and shot as likely as not; for people were not very lenient at a time like that."
Holmes: Go on with your story, said Holmes, shortly.
Culprit: Well, we carried him in, Abdullah, Akbar, and I. A fine weight he was, too, for all that he was so short. Mahomet Singh was left to guard the door. We took him to a place which the Sikhs had already prepared. It was some distance off, where a winding passage leads to a great empty hall, the brick walls of which were all crumbling to pieces. The earth floor had sunk in at one place, making a natural grave, so we left Achmet the merchant there, having first covered him over with loose bricks. This done, we all went back to the treasure.
###
Small: This is a very important matter, Small, You must not say a word to any one about it, and I shall see you again soon.
Holmes: I want you just to let Captain Morstan hear that story from your own lips, Small.
Small: I repeated it as I had told it before.
Holmes: It rings true, eh? It's good enough to act upon?
Captain Morstan: Look here, Small, We have been talking it over, my friend here and I, and we have come to the conclusion that this secret of yours is hardly a government matter, after all, but is a private concern of your own, which of course you have the power of disposing of as you think best. Now, the question is, what price would you ask for it? We might be inclined to take it up, and at least look into it, if we could agree as to terms.
Small: Why, as to that, gentlemen, there is only one bargain which a man in my position can make. I shall want you to help me to my freedom, and to help my three companions to theirs. We shall then take you into partnership, and give you a fifth share to divide between you.
Captain Morstan: Hum! A fifth share! That is not very tempting.
Small: It would come to fifty thousand apiece.
Captain Morstan: But how can we gain your freedom? You know very well that you ask an impossibility.
Small: Nothing of the sort, I have thought it all out to the last detail. The only bar to our escape is that we can get no boat fit for the voyage, and no provisions to last us for so long a time. There are plenty of little yachts and yawls at Calcutta or Madras which would serve our turn well. Do you bring one over. We shall engage to get aboard her by night, and if you will drop us on any part of the Indian coast you will have done your part of the bargain.
###
Watson: If there were only one.
Holmes: None or all. We have sworn it. The four of us must always act together.
Morstan: You see, Small is a man of his word. He does not flinch from his friend. I think we may very well trust him.
Other: It's a dirty business. Yet, as you say, the money would save our commissions handsomely.
Major: Well, Small, we must, I suppose, try and meet you. We must first, of course, test the truth of your story. Tell me where the box is hid, and I shall get leave of absence and go back to India in the monthly relief-boat to inquire into the affair.
Watson: Not so fast. I must have the consent of my three comrades. I tell you that it is four or none with us.
Other: Nonsense! What have three black fellows to do with our agreement?
Watson: Black or blue, they are in with me, and we all go together.
Watson: Well, the matter ended by a second meeting, at which Mahomet Singh, Abdullah Khan, and Dost Akbar were all present. We talked the matter over again, and at last we came to an arrangement. We were to provide both the officers with charts of the part of the Agra fort and mark the place in the wall where the treasure was hid. Major Sholto was to go to India to test our story. If he found the box he was to leave it there, to send out a small yacht provisioned for a voyage, which was to lie off Rutland Island, and to which we were to make our way, and finally to return to his duties. Captain Morstan was then to apply for leave of absence, to meet us at Agra, and there we were to have a final division of the treasure, he taking the major's share as well as his own. All this we sealed by the most solemn oaths that the mind could think or the lips utter. I sat up all night with paper and ink, and by the morning I had the two charts all ready, signed with the sign of four,--that is, of Abdullah, Akbar, Mahomet, and myself.
###
Tonga: I don't know that I have anything else to tell you. I had heard a waterman speak of the speed of Smith's launch, the Aurora, so I thought she would be a handy craft for our escape. I engaged with old Smith, and was to give him a big sum if he got us safe to our ship. He knew, no doubt, that there was some screw loose, but he was not in our secrets. All this is the truth, and if I tell it to you, gentlemen, it is not to amuse you, for you have not done me a very good turn, but it is because I believe the best defence I can make is just to hold back nothing, but let all the world know how badly I have myself been served by Major Sholto, and how innocent I am of the death of his son.
Holmes: A very remarkable account. A fitting wind-up to an extremely interesting case. There is nothing at all new to me in the latter part of your narrative, except that you brought your own rope. That I did not know. By the way, I had hoped that Tonga had lost all his darts; yet he managed to shoot one at us in the boat.
Tonga: He had lost them all, sir, except the one which was in his blow-pipe at the time.
Holmes: Ah, of course. I had not thought of that.
Convict: Is there any other point which you would like to ask about?
Holmes: I think not, thank you.
Athelney Jones: Well, Holmes, You are a man to be humored, and we all know that you are a connoisseur of crime, but duty is duty, and I have gone rather far in doing what you and your friend asked me. I shall feel more at ease when we have our story-teller here safe under lock and key. The cab still waits, and there are two inspectors down-stairs. I am much obliged to you both for your assistance. Of course you will be wanted at the trial. Good-night to you.
Jonathan Small: Good-night, gentlemen both.
###
Jonathan Small: Good-night, gentlemen both.
Jones: You first, Small. I'll take particular care that you don't club me with your wooden leg, whatever you may have done to the gentleman at the Andaman Isles.
Watson: Well, and there is the end of our little drama. I fear that it may be the last investigation in which I shall have the chance of studying your methods. Miss Morstan has done me the honor to accept me as a husband in prospective.
Holmes: I feared as much. I really cannot congratulate you.
Watson: Have you any reason to be dissatisfied with my choice?
Holmes: Not at all. I think she is one of the most charming young ladies I ever met, and might have been most useful in such work as we have been doing. She had a decided genius that way: witness the way in which she preserved that Agra plan from all the other papers of her father. But love is an emotional thing, and whatever is emotional is opposed to that true cold reason which I place above all things. I should never marry myself, lest I bias my judgment.
Watson: I trust that my judgment may survive the ordeal. But you look weary.
Holmes: Yes, the reaction is already upon me. I shall be as limp as a rag for a week.
Watson: Strange, how terms of what in another man I should call laziness alternate with your fits of splendid energy and vigor.
Holmes: Yes, there are in me the makings of a very fine loafer and also of a pretty spry sort of fellow. I often think of those lines of old Goethe,-- Schade, da die Natur nur einen Mensch aus Dir schuf, Denn zum wrdigen Mann war und zum Schelmen der Stoff.
Holmes: By the way, a propos of this Norwood business, you see that they had, as I surmised, a confederate in the house, who could be none other than Lal Rao, the butler: so Jones actually has the undivided honor of having caught one fish in his great haul.
###
Holmes: By the way, a propos of this Norwood business, you see that they had, as I surmised, a confederate in the house, who could be none other than Lal Rao, the butler: so Jones actually has the undivided honor of having caught one fish in his great haul.
Watson: The division seems rather unfair. You have done all the work in this business. I get a wife out of it, Jones gets the credit, pray what remains for you?
Holmes: For me, there still remains the cocaine-bottle.
###
Watson: Wedlock suits you. I think, Watson, that you have put on seven and a half pounds since I saw you.
Holmes: Seven! Indeed, I should have thought a little more. Just a trifle more, I fancy, Watson. And in practice again, I observe. You did not tell me that you intended to go into harness.
Watson: Then, how do you know?
Holmes: I see it, I deduce it. How do I know that you have been getting yourself very wet lately, and that you have a most clumsy and careless servant girl?
###
Watson: Then, how do you know?
Holmes: I see it, I deduce it. How do I know that you have been getting yourself very wet lately, and that you have a most clumsy and careless servant girl?
Watson: My dear Holmes, this is too much. You would certainly have been burned, had you lived a few centuries ago. It is true that I had a country walk on Thursday and came home in a dreadful mess, but as I have changed my clothes I can't imagine how you deduce it. As to Mary Jane, she is incorrigible, and my wife has given her notice, but there, again, I fail to see how you work it out.
Holmes: It is simplicity itself, my eyes tell me that on the inside of your left shoe, just where the firelight strikes it, the leather is scored by six almost parallel cuts. Obviously they have been caused by someone who has very carelessly scraped round the edges of the sole in order to remove crusted mud from it. Hence, you see, my double deduction that you had been out in vile weather, and that you had a particularly malignant boot-slitting specimen of the London slavey. As to your practice, if a gentleman walks into my rooms smelling of iodoform, with a black mark of nitrate of silver upon his right forefinger, and a bulge on the right side of his top-hat to show where he has secreted his stethoscope, I must be dull, indeed, if I do not pronounce him to be an active member of the medical profession.
Watson: When I hear you give your reasons, the thing always appears to me to be so ridiculously simple that I could easily do it myself, though at each successive instance of your reasoning I am baffled until you explain your process. And yet I believe that my eyes are as good as yours.
###
Holmes: Quite so, You see, but you do not observe. The distinction is clear. For example, you have frequently seen the steps which lead up from the hall to this room.
Watson: Frequently.
Holmes: How often?
Watson: Well, some hundreds of times.
Holmes: Then how many are there?
Watson: How many? I don't know.
Holmes: Quite so! You have not observed. And yet you have seen. That is just my point. Now, I know that there are seventeen steps, because I have both seen and observed. By-the-way, since you are interested in these little problems, and since you are good enough to chronicle one or two of my trifling experiences, you may be interested in this. It came by the last post. Read it aloud.
Watson: There will call upon you to-night, at a quarter to eight o'clock, a gentleman who desires to consult you upon a matter of the very deepest moment. Your recent services to one of the royal houses of Europe have shown that you are one who may safely be trusted with matters which are of an importance which can hardly be exaggerated. This account of you we have from all quarters received. Be in your chamber then at that hour, and do not take it amiss if your visitor wear a mask.
Watson: This is indeed a mystery. What do you imagine that it means?
Holmes: I have no data yet. It is a capital mistake to theorize before one has data. Insensibly one begins to twist facts to suit theories, instead of theories to suit facts. But the note itself. What do you deduce from it?
Watson: The man who wrote it was presumably well to do. Such paper could not be bought under half a crown a packet. It is peculiarly strong and stiff.
###
Watson: The man who wrote it was presumably well to do. Such paper could not be bought under half a crown a packet. It is peculiarly strong and stiff.
Holmes: Peculiar--that is the very word. It is not an English paper at all. Hold it up to the light.
Watson: What do you make of that?
Holmes: The name of the maker, no doubt; or his monogram, rather.
Watson: The 'G' with the small 't' stands for 'Gesellschaft,' which is the German for 'Company.' It is a customary contraction like our 'Co.' 'P,' of course, stands for 'Papier.' Now for the 'Eg.' Let us glance at our Continental Gazetteer. Eglow, Eglonitz--here we are, Egria. It is in a German-speaking country--in Bohemia, not far from Carlsbad. 'Remarkable as being the scene of the death of Wallenstein, and for its numerous glass-factories and paper-mills.' Ha, ha, my boy, what do you make of that?
Watson: The paper was made in Bohemia.
Holmes: Precisely. And the man who wrote the note is a German. Do you note the peculiar construction of the sentence--'This account of you we have from all quarters received.' A Frenchman or Russian could not have written that. It is the German who is so uncourteous to his verbs. It only remains, therefore, to discover what is wanted by this German who writes upon Bohemian paper and prefers wearing a mask to showing his face. And here he comes, if I am not mistaken, to resolve all our doubts.
Holmes: As he spoke there was the sharp sound of horses' hoofs and grating wheels against the curb, followed by a sharp pull at the bell. Holmes whistled.
###
Holmes: A pair, by the sound. Yes, a nice little brougham and a pair of beauties. A hundred and fifty guineas apiece. There's money in this case, Watson, if there is nothing else.
Watson: I think that I had better go, Holmes.
Holmes: Not a bit, Doctor. Stay where you are. I am lost without my Boswell. And this promises to be interesting. It would be a pity to miss it.
Watson: But your client-
Holmes: Never mind him. I may want your help, and so may he. Here he comes. Sit down in that armchair, Doctor, and give us your best attention.
Holmes: Come in!
Unknown: (No dialogue)
###
Count Von Kramm: You had my note? I told you that I would call.
Holmes: Pray take a seat. This is my friend and colleague, Dr. Watson, who is occasionally good enough to help me in my cases. Whom have I the honour to address?
Count Von Kramm: You may address me as the Count Von Kramm, a Bohemian nobleman. I understand that this gentleman, your friend, is a man of honour and discretion, whom I may trust with a matter of the most extreme importance. If not, I should much prefer to communicate with you alone.
Holmes: It is both, or none. You may say before this gentleman anything which you may say to me.
Count Von Kramm: Then I must begin by binding you both to absolute secrecy for two years; at the end of that time the matter will be of no importance. At present it is not too much to say that it is of such weight it may have an influence upon European history.
Holmes: I promise.
Watson: And I.
Count Von Kramm: You will excuse this mask. The august person who employs me wishes his agent to be unknown to you, and I may confess at once that the title by which I have just called myself is not exactly my own.
Holmes: I was aware of it.
Count Von Kramm: The circumstances are of great delicacy, and every precaution has to be taken to quench what might grow to be an immense scandal and seriously compromise one of the reigning families of Europe. To speak plainly, the matter implicates the great House of Ormstein, hereditary kings of Bohemia.
Holmes: I was also aware of that.
###
Holmes: I was also aware of that.
Holmes: If your Majesty would condescend to state your case, I should be better able to advise you.
Client: You are right, I am the King. Why should I attempt to conceal it?
Holmes: Your Majesty had not spoken before I was aware that I was addressing Wilhelm Gottsreich Sigismond von Ormstein, Grand Duke of Cassel-Felstein, and hereditary King of Bohemia.
Client: You can understand that I am not accustomed to doing such business in my own person. Yet the matter was so delicate that I could not confide it to an agent without putting myself in his power. I have come incognito from Prague for the purpose of consulting you.
Holmes: The facts are briefly these: Some five years ago, during a lengthy visit to Warsaw, I made the acquaintance of the well-known adventuress, Irene Adler. The name is no doubt familiar to you.
###
Holmes: Then, pray consult.
Holmes: The facts are briefly these: Some five years ago, during a lengthy visit to Warsaw, I made the acquaintance of the well-known adventuress, Irene Adler. The name is no doubt familiar to you.
Watson: Kindly look her up in my index, Doctor.
Holmes: Let me see! Hum! Born in New Jersey in the year 1858. Contralto--hum! La Scala, hum! Prima donna Imperial Opera of Warsaw--yes! Retired from operatic stage--ha! Living in London--quite so! Your Majesty, as I understand, became entangled with this young person, wrote her some compromising letters, and is now desirous of getting those letters back.
Watson: Precisely so. But how-
Holmes: Was there a secret marriage?
Watson: None.
Holmes: No legal papers or certificates?
Watson: None.
Holmes: Then I fail to follow your Majesty. If this young person should produce her letters for blackmailing or other purposes, how is she to prove their authenticity?
Watson: There is the writing.
Holmes: Pooh, pooh! Forgery.
Watson: My private note paper.
Holmes: Stolen.
Watson: My own seal.
Holmes: Imitated.
Watson: My photograph.
Holmes: Bought.
Watson: We were both in the photograph.
Holmes: Oh, dear! That is very bad! Your Majesty has indeed committed an indiscretion.
Watson: I was mad-insane.
Holmes: You have compromised yourself seriously.
Watson: I was only Crown Prince then. I was young. I am but thirty now.
Holmes: It must be recovered.
Watson: We have tried and failed.
Holmes: Your Majesty must pay. It must be bought.
Watson: She will not sell.
Holmes: Stolen, then.
###
Holmes: You have compromised yourself seriously.
King: I was only Crown Prince then. I was young. I am but thirty now.
Holmes: It must be recovered.
King: We have tried and failed.
Holmes: Your Majesty must pay. It must be bought.
King: She will not sell.
Holmes: Stolen, then.
King: Five attempts have been made. Twice burglars in my pay ransacked her house. Once we diverted her luggage when she travelled. Twice she has been waylaid. There has been no result.
Holmes: No sign of it?
King: Absolutely none.
Holmes: It is quite a pretty little problem.
King: But a very serious one to me.
Holmes: Very, indeed. And what does she propose to do with the photograph?
King: To ruin me.
Holmes: But how?
King: I am about to be married.
Holmes: So I have heard.
King: To Clotilde Lothman von Saxe-Meningen, second daughter of the King of Scandinavia. You may know the strict principles of her family. She is herself the very soul of delicacy. A shadow of a doubt as to my conduct would bring the matter to an end.
Holmes: And Irene Adler?
King: Threatens to send them the photograph. And she will do it. I know that she will do it. You do not know her, but she has a soul of steel. She has the face of the most beautiful of women, and the mind of the most resolute of men. Rather than I should marry another woman, there are no lengths to which she would not go--none.
Holmes: You are sure that she has not sent it yet?
King: I am sure.
Holmes: And why?
King: Because she has said that she would send it on the day when the betrothal was publicly proclaimed. That will be next Monday.
Holmes: Oh, then we have three days yet. That is very fortunate, as I have one or two matters of importance to look into just at present. Your Majesty will, of course, stay in London for the present?
King: Certainly. You will find me at the Langham under the name of the Count Von Kramm.
Holmes: Then I shall drop you a line to let you know how we progress.
King: Pray do so. I shall be all anxiety.
Holmes: Then, as to money?
King: You have carte blanche.
Holmes: Absolutely?
###
Holmes: Certainly. You will find me at the Langham under the name of the Count Von Kramm.
Watson: Then I shall drop you a line to let you know how we progress.
Holmes: Pray do so. I shall be all anxiety.
Watson: Then, as to money?
Holmes: You have carte blanche.
Watson: Absolutely?
Holmes: I tell you that I would give one of the provinces of my kingdom to have that photograph.
Watson: And for present expenses?
Holmes: There are three hundred pounds in gold and seven hundred in notes.
Holmes: And Mademoiselle's address?
Watson: Is Briony Lodge, Serpentine Avenue, St. John's Wood.
Holmes: One other question, Was the photograph a cabinet?
Watson: It was.
Holmes: Then, good-night, your Majesty, and I trust that we shall soon have some good news for you. And good-night, Watson, If you will be good enough to call tomorrow afternoon at three o'clock I should like to chat this little matter over with you.
###
Watson: At three o'clock precisely I was at Baker Street, but Holmes had not yet returned. The landlady informed me that he had left the house shortly after eight o'clock in the morning. I sat down beside the fire, however, with the intention of awaiting him, however long he might be. I was already deeply interested in his inquiry, for, though it was surrounded by none of the grim and strange features which were associated with the two crimes which I have already recorded, still, the nature of the case and the exalted station of his client gave it a character of its own. Indeed, apart from the nature of the investigation which my friend had on hand, there was something in his masterly grasp of a situation, and his keen, incisive reasoning, which made it a pleasure to me to study his system of work, and to follow the quick, subtle methods by which he disentangled the most inextricable mysteries. So accustomed was I to his invariable success that the very possibility of his failing had ceased to enter into my head.
Watson: It was close upon four before the door opened, and a drunken-looking groom, ill-kempt and side-whiskered, with an inflamed face and disreputable clothes, walked into the room. Accustomed as I was to my friend's amazing powers in the use of disguises, I had to look three times before I was certain that it was indeed he. With a nod he vanished into the bedroom, whence he emerged in five minutes tweed-suited and respectable, as of old. Putting his hands into his pockets, he stretched out his legs in front of the fire and laughed heartily for some minutes.
Watson: Well, really! he cried, and then he choked and laughed again until he was obliged to lie back, limp and helpless, in the chair.
Watson: What is it?
Holmes: It's quite too funny. I am sure you could never guess how I employed my morning, or what I ended by doing.
Watson: I can't imagine. I suppose that you have been watching the habits, and perhaps the house, of Miss Irene Adler.
###
Watson: What is it?
Holmes: It's quite too funny. I am sure you could never guess how I employed my morning, or what I ended by doing.
Watson: I can't imagine. I suppose that you have been watching the habits, and perhaps the house, of Miss Irene Adler.
Holmes: Quite so; but the sequel was rather unusual. I will tell you, however. I left the house a little after eight o'clock this morning in the character of a groom out of work. There is a wonderful sympathy and freemasonry among horsey men. Be one of them, and you will know all that there is to know. I soon found Briony Lodge. It is a bijou villa, with a garden at the back, but built out in front right up to the road, two stories. Chubb lock to the door. Large sitting-room on the right side, well furnished, with long windows almost to the floor, and those preposterous English window fasteners which a child could open. Behind there was nothing remarkable, save that the passage window could be reached from the top of the coach-house. I walked round it and examined it closely from every point of view, but without noting anything else of interest. I then lounged down the street and found, as I expected, that there was a mews in a lane which runs down by one wall of the garden. I lent the ostlers a hand in rubbing down their horses, and received in exchange twopence, a glass of half and half, two fills of shag tobacco, and as much information as I could desire about Miss Adler, to say nothing of half a dozen other people in the neighbourhood in whom I was not in the least interested, but whose biographies I was compelled to listen to.
Watson: And what of Irene Adler?
###
Watson: And what of Irene Adler?
Holmes: Oh, she has turned all the men's heads down in that part. She is the daintiest thing under a bonnet on this planet. So say the Serpentine-mews, to a man. She lives quietly, sings at concerts, drives out at five every day, and returns at seven sharp for dinner. Seldom goes out at other times, except when she sings. Has only one male visitor, but a good deal of him. He is dark, handsome, and dashing, never calls less than once a day, and often twice. He is a Mr. Godfrey Norton, of the Inner Temple. See the advantages of a cabman as a confidant. They had driven him home a dozen times from Serpentine-mews, and knew all about him. When I had listened to all they had to tell, I began to walk up and down near Briony Lodge once more, and to think over my plan of campaign.
Holmes: This Godfrey Norton was evidently an important factor in the matter. He was a lawyer. That sounded ominous. What was the relation between them, and what the object of his repeated visits? Was she his client, his friend, or his mistress? If the former, she had probably transferred the photograph to his keeping. If the latter, it was less likely. On the issue of this question depended whether I should continue my work at Briony Lodge, or turn my attention to the gentleman's chambers in the Temple. It was a delicate point, and it widened the field of my inquiry. I fear that I bore you with these details, but I have to let you see my little difficulties, if you are to understand the situation.
Watson: I am following you closely.
Holmes: I was still balancing the matter in my mind when a hansom cab drove up to Briony Lodge, and a gentleman sprang out. He was a remarkably handsome man, dark, aquiline, and moustached--evidently the man of whom I had heard. He appeared to be in a great hurry, shouted to the cabman to wait, and brushed past the maid who opened the door with the air of a man who was thoroughly at home.
###
Watson: This is a very unexpected turn of affairs, and what then?
Holmes: Well, I found my plans very seriously menaced. It looked as if the pair might take an immediate departure, and so necessitate very prompt and energetic measures on my part. At the church door, however, they separated, he driving back to the Temple, and she to her own house. 'I shall drive out in the park at five as usual,' she said as she left him. I heard no more. They drove away in different directions, and I went off to make my own arrangements.
Watson: Which are?
Holmes: Some cold beef and a glass of beer. I have been too busy to think of food, and I am likely to be busier still this evening. By the way, Doctor, I shall want your co-operation.
Watson: I shall be delighted.
Holmes: You don't mind breaking the law?
Watson: Not in the least.
Holmes: Nor running a chance of arrest?
Watson: Not in a good cause.
Holmes: Oh, the cause is excellent!
Watson: Then I am your man.
Holmes: I was sure that I might rely on you.
Watson: But what is it you wish?
Holmes: When Mrs. Turner has brought in the tray I will make it clear to you. Now, I must discuss it while I eat, for I have not much time. It is nearly five now. In two hours we must be on the scene of action. Miss Irene, or Madame, rather, returns from her drive at seven. We must be at Briony Lodge to meet her.
Watson: And what then?
Holmes: You must leave that to me. I have already arranged what is to occur. There is only one point on which I must insist. You must not interfere, come what may. You understand?
Watson: I am to be neutral?
Holmes: To do nothing whatever. There will probably be some small unpleasantness. Do not join in it. It will end in my being conveyed into the house. Four or five minutes afterwards the sitting-room window will open. You are to station yourself close to that open window.
Watson: Yes.
###
Holmes: Yes.
Watson: You are to watch me, for I will be visible to you.
Holmes: Yes.
Watson: And when I raise my hand--so--you will throw into the room what I give you to throw, and will, at the same time, raise the cry of fire. You quite follow me?
Holmes: Entirely.
Watson: It is nothing very formidable, It is an ordinary plumber's smoke-rocket, fitted with a cap at either end to make it self-lighting. Your task is confined to that. When you raise your cry of fire, it will be taken up by quite a number of people. You may then walk to the end of the street, and I will rejoin you in ten minutes. I hope that I have made myself clear?
Holmes: I am to remain neutral, to get near the window, to watch you, and at the signal to throw in this object, then to raise the cry of fire, and to wait you at the corner of the street.
Watson: Precisely.
Holmes: Then you may entirely rely on me.
Watson: That is excellent. I think, perhaps, it is almost time that I prepare for the new role I have to play.
###
Watson: You see, this marriage rather simplifies matters. The photograph becomes a double-edged weapon now. The chances are that she would be as averse to its being seen by Mr. Godfrey Norton, as our client is to its coming to the eyes of his princess. Now the question is--Where are we to find the photograph?
Holmes: Where, indeed?
Watson: It is most unlikely that she carries it about with her. It is cabinet size. Too large for easy concealment about a woman's dress. She knows that the King is capable of having her waylaid and searched. Two attempts of the sort have already been made. We may take it, then, that she does not carry it about with her.
Holmes: Her banker or her lawyer. There is that double possibility. But I am inclined to think neither. Women are naturally secretive, and they like to do their own secreting. Why should she hand it over to anyone else? She could trust her own guardianship, but she could not tell what indirect or political influence might be brought to bear upon a business man. Besides, remember that she had resolved to use it within a few days. It must be where she can lay her hands upon it. It must be in her own house.
###
Watson: But it has twice been burgled.
Holmes: Pshaw! They did not know how to look.
Watson: But how will you look?
Holmes: I will not look.
Watson: What then?
Holmes: I will get her to show me.
Watson: But she will refuse.
Holmes: She will not be able to. But I hear the rumble of wheels. It is her carriage. Now carry out my orders to the letter.
Watson: Is the poor gentleman much hurt?
Various: He is dead. No, no, there's life in him! But he'll be gone before you can get him to hospital. He's a brave fellow. They would have had the lady's purse and watch if it hadn't been for him. They were a gang, and a rough one, too. Ah, he's breathing now.
###
Watson: You did it very nicely, Doctor. Nothing could have been better. It is all right.
Holmes: You have the photograph?
Watson: I know where it is.
Holmes: And how did you find out?
Watson: She showed me, as I told you she would.
Holmes: I am still in the dark.
Watson: I do not wish to make a mystery. The matter was perfectly simple. You, of course, saw that everyone in the street was an accomplice. They were all engaged for the evening.
Holmes: I guessed as much.
Watson: Then, when the row broke out, I had a little moist red paint in the palm of my hand. I rushed forward, fell down, clapped my hand to my face, and became a piteous spectacle. It is an old trick.
Holmes: That also I could fathom.
Watson: Then they carried me in. She was bound to have me in. What else could she do? And into her sitting-room, which was the very room which I suspected. It lay between that and her bedroom, and I was determined to see which. They laid me on a couch, I motioned for air, they were compelled to open the window, and you had your chance.
Holmes: How did that help you?
###
Holmes: How did that help you?
Holmes: It was all-important. When a woman thinks that her house is on fire, her instinct is at once to rush to the thing which she values most. It is a perfectly overpowering impulse, and I have more than once taken advantage of it. In the case of the Darlington substitution scandal it was of use to me, and also in the Arnsworth Castle business. A married woman grabs at her baby; an unmarried one reaches for her jewel-box. Now it was clear to me that our lady of today had nothing in the house more precious to her than what we are in quest of. She would rush to secure it. The alarm of fire was admirably done. The smoke and shouting were enough to shake nerves of steel. She responded beautifully. The photograph is in a recess behind a sliding panel just above the right bell-pull. She was there in an instant, and I caught a glimpse of it as she half-drew it out. When I cried out that it was a false alarm, she replaced it, glanced at the rocket, rushed from the room, and I have not seen her since. I rose, and, making my excuses, escaped from the house. I hesitated whether to attempt to secure the photograph at once; but the coachman had come in, and as he was watching me narrowly it seemed safer to wait. A little over-precipitance may ruin all.
Watson: And now?
Holmes: Our quest is practically finished. I shall call with the King tomorrow, and with you, if you care to come with us. We will be shown into the sitting-room to wait for the lady, but it is probable that when she comes she may find neither us nor the photograph. It might be a satisfaction to his Majesty to regain it with his own hands.
Watson: And when will you call?
Holmes: At eight in the morning. She will not be up, so that we shall have a clear field. Besides, we must be prompt, for this marriage may mean a complete change in her life and habits. I must wire to the King without delay.
###
Passerby: Good night, Mister Sherlock Holmes.
Holmes: I've heard that voice before. Now, I wonder who the deuce that could have been.
King of Bohemia: You have really got it!
Holmes: Not yet.
King of Bohemia: But you have hopes?
Holmes: I have hopes.
King of Bohemia: Then, come. I am all impatience to be gone.
Holmes: We must have a cab.
King of Bohemia: No, my brougham is waiting.
Holmes: Then that will simplify matters.
Holmes: Irene Adler is married.
King of Bohemia: Married! When?
Holmes: Yesterday.
King of Bohemia: But to whom?
Holmes: To an English lawyer named Norton.
King of Bohemia: But she could not love him.
Holmes: I am in hopes that she does.
King of Bohemia: And why in hopes?
Holmes: Because it would spare your Majesty all fear of future annoyance. If the lady loves her husband, she does not love your Majesty. If she does not love your Majesty, there is no reason why she should interfere with your Majesty's plan.
King of Bohemia: It is true. And yet--Well! I wish she had been of my own station! What a queen she would have made!
Elderly woman: Mr. Sherlock Holmes, I believe?
###
Woman: Mr. Sherlock Holmes, I believe?
Holmes: I am Mr. Holmes.
Woman: Indeed! My mistress told me that you were likely to call. She left this morning with her husband by the 5.15 train from Charing Cross for the Continent.
Holmes: What! Do you mean that she has left England? Never to return.
King: And the papers? All is lost.
Holmes: We shall see.
Holmes: *rushes into the drawing-room*
Holmes: *pulls out a photograph and a letter*
Holmes: *opens the letter and reads it*
###
King of Bohemia: What a woman--oh, what a woman! Did I not tell you how quick and resolute she was? Would she not have made an admirable queen? Is it not a pity that she was not on my level?
Holmes: From what I have seen of the lady she seems indeed to be on a very different level to your Majesty. I am sorry that I have not been able to bring your Majesty's business to a more successful conclusion.
King of Bohemia: On the contrary, my dear sir, nothing could be more successful. I know that her word is inviolate. The photograph is now as safe as if it were in the fire.
Holmes: I am glad to hear your Majesty say so.
King of Bohemia: I am immensely indebted to you. Pray tell me in what way I can reward you. This ring--
Holmes: Your Majesty has something which I should value even more highly.
King of Bohemia: You have but to name it.
Holmes: This photograph!
King of Bohemia: Irene's photograph! Certainly, if you wish it.
Holmes: I thank your Majesty. Then there is no more to be done in the matter. I have the honour to wish you a very good-morning.
Holmes: And that was how a great scandal threatened to affect the kingdom of Bohemia, and how the best plans of Mr. Sherlock Holmes were beaten by a woman's wit. He used to make merry over the cleverness of women, but I have not heard him do it of late. And when he speaks of Irene Adler, or when he refers to her photograph, it is always under the honourable title of the woman.
###
Watson: THE RED HEADED LEAGUE
Watson: I had called upon my friend, Mr. Sherlock Holmes, one day in the autumn of last year and found him in deep conversation with a very stout, florid-faced, elderly gentleman with fiery red hair. With an apology for my intrusion, I was about to withdraw when Holmes pulled me abruptly into the room and closed the door behind me.
Holmes: You could not possibly have come at a better time, my dear Watson. I was afraid that you were engaged.
Watson: So I am. Very much so.
Holmes: Then I can wait in the next room.
Watson: Not at all. This gentleman, Mr. Wilson, has been my partner and helper in many of my most successful cases, and I have no doubt that he will be of the utmost use to me in yours also.
Mr. Wilson: *gives a bob of greeting*
Holmes: Try the settee. I know, my dear Watson, that you share my love of all that is bizarre and outside the conventions and humdrum routine of everyday life. You have shown your relish for it by the enthusiasm which has prompted you to chronicle, and, if you will excuse my saying so, somewhat to embellish so many of my own little adventures.
Watson: Your cases have indeed been of the greatest interest to me.
Holmes: You will remember that I remarked the other day, just before we went into the very simple problem presented by Miss Mary Sutherland, that for strange effects and extraordinary combinations we must go to life itself, which is always far more daring than any effort of the imagination.
Watson: A proposition which I took the liberty of doubting.
###
Holmes: A proposition which I took the liberty of doubting.
Watson: You did, Doctor, but none the less you must come round to my view, for otherwise I shall keep on piling fact upon fact on you until your reason breaks down under them and acknowledges me to be right. Now, Mr. Jabez Wilson here has been good enough to call upon me this morning, and to begin a narrative which promises to be one of the most singular which I have listened to for some time. You have heard me remark that the strangest and most unique things are very often connected not with the larger but with the smaller crimes, and occasionally, indeed, where there is room for doubt whether any positive crime has been committed. As far as I have heard it is impossible for me to say whether the present case is an instance of crime or not, but the course of events is certainly among the most singular that I have ever listened to. Perhaps, Mr. Wilson, you would have the great kindness to recommence your narrative. I ask you not merely because my friend Dr. Watson has not heard the opening part but also because the peculiar nature of the story makes me anxious to have every possible detail from your lips. As a rule, when I have heard some slight indication of the course of events, I am able to guide myself by the thousands of other similar cases which occur to my memory. In the present instance I am forced to admit that the facts are, to the best of my belief, unique.
Wilson: *Narrative*
Holmes: *Observations*
###
Narrator: I did not gain very much, however, by my inspection. Our visitor bore every mark of being an average commonplace British tradesman, obese, pompous, and slow. He wore rather baggy grey shepherd's check trousers, a not over-clean black frock-coat, unbuttoned in the front, and a drab waistcoat with a heavy brassy Albert chain, and a square pierced bit of metal dangling down as an ornament. A frayed top-hat and a faded brown overcoat with a wrinkled velvet collar lay upon a chair beside him. Altogether, look as I would, there was nothing remarkable about the man save his blazing red head, and the expression of extreme chagrin and discontent upon his features.
Holmes: Beyond the obvious facts that he has at some time done manual labour, that he takes snuff, that he is a Freemason, that he has been in China, and that he has done a considerable amount of writing lately, I can deduce nothing else.
Jabez Wilson: How, in the name of good-fortune, did you know all that, Mr. Holmes? How did you know, for example, that I did manual labour. It's as true as gospel, for I began as a ship's carpenter.
Holmes: Your hands, my dear sir. Your right hand is quite a size larger than your left. You have worked with it, and the muscles are more developed.
Jabez Wilson: Well, the snuff, then, and the Freemasonry?
Holmes: I won't insult your intelligence by telling you how I read that, especially as, rather against the strict rules of your order, you use an arc-and-compass breastpin.
Jabez Wilson: Ah, of course, I forgot that. But the writing?
Holmes: What else can be indicated by that right cuff so very shiny for five inches, and the left one with the smooth patch near the elbow where you rest it upon the desk?
Jabez Wilson: Well, but China?
###
Holmes: Ah, of course, I forgot that. But the writing?
Watson: What else can be indicated by that right cuff so very shiny for five inches, and the left one with the smooth patch near the elbow where you rest it upon the desk?
Holmes: Well, but China?
Holmes: The fish that you have tattooed immediately above your right wrist could only have been done in China. I have made a small study of tattoo marks and have even contributed to the literature of the subject. That trick of staining the fishes' scales of a delicate pink is quite peculiar to China. When, in addition, I see a Chinese coin hanging from your watch-chain, the matter becomes even more simple.
Jabez Wilson: Well, I never! I thought at first that you had done something clever, but I see that there was nothing in it, after all.
Holmes: I begin to think, Watson, that I make a mistake in explaining. 'Omne ignotum pro magnifico,' you know, and my poor little reputation, such as it is, will suffer shipwreck if I am so candid. Can you not find the advertisement, Mr. Wilson?
Jabez Wilson: Yes, I have got it now. Here it is. This is what began it all. You just read it for yourself, sir.
Watson: What on earth does this mean?
###
Watson: What on earth does this mean?
Holmes: It is a little off the beaten track, isn't it? And now, Mr. Wilson, off you go at scratch and tell us all about yourself, your household, and the effect which this advertisement had upon your fortunes. You will first make a note, Doctor, of the paper and the date.
Watson: It is The Morning Chronicle of April 27, 1890. Just two months ago.
Holmes: Very good. Now, Mr. Wilson?
Wilson: Well, it is just as I have been telling you, Mr. Sherlock Holmes, I have a small pawnbroker's business at Coburg Square, near the City. It's not a very large affair, and of late years it has not done more than just give me a living. I used to be able to keep two assistants, but now I only keep one; and I would have a job to pay him but that he is willing to come for half wages so as to learn the business.
Holmes: What is the name of this obliging youth?
Wilson: His name is Vincent Spaulding, and he's not such a youth, either. It's hard to say his age. I should not wish a smarter assistant, Mr. Holmes; and I know very well that he could better himself and earn twice what I am able to give him. But, after all, if he is satisfied, why should I put ideas in his head?
Holmes: Why, indeed? You seem most fortunate in having an employee who comes under the full market price. It is not a common experience among employers in this age. I don't know that your assistant is not as remarkable as your advertisement.
Wilson: Oh, he has his faults, too. Never was such a fellow for photography. Snapping away with a camera when he ought to be improving his mind, and then diving down into the cellar like a rabbit into its hole to develop his pictures. That is his main fault, but on the whole he's a good worker. There's no vice in him.
Holmes: He is still with you, I presume?
###
Watson: I never hope to see such a sight as that again, Mr. Holmes. From north, south, east, and west every man who had a shade of red in his hair had tramped into the city to answer the advertisement. Fleet Street was choked with red-headed folk, and Pope's Court looked like a coster's orange barrow. I should not have thought there were so many in the whole country as were brought together by that single advertisement. Every shade of colour they were--straw, lemon, orange, brick, Irish-setter, liver, clay; but, as Spaulding said, there were not many who had the real vivid flame-coloured tint. When I saw how many were waiting, I would have given it up in despair; but Spaulding would not hear of it. How he did it I could not imagine, but he pushed and pulled and butted until he got me through the crowd, and right up to the steps which led to the office. There was a double stream upon the stair, some going up in hope, and some coming back dejected; but we wedged in as well as we could and soon found ourselves in the office.
Holmes: Your experience has been a most entertaining one, Pray continue your very interesting statement.
Watson: There was nothing in the office but a couple of wooden chairs and a deal table, behind which sat a small man with a head that was even redder than mine. He said a few words to each candidate as he came up, and then he always managed to find some fault in them which would disqualify them. Getting a vacancy did not seem to be such a very easy matter, after all. However, when our turn came the little man was much more favourable to me than to any of the others, and he closed the door as we entered, so that he might have a private word with us.
Assistant: This is Mr. Jabez Wilson, said my assistant, and he is willing to fill a vacancy in the League.
###
Watson: This is Mr. Jabez Wilson, and he is willing to fill a vacancy in the League.
Holmes: And he is admirably suited for it. He has every requirement. I cannot recall when I have seen anything so fine.
Holmes: It would be injustice to hesitate. You will, however, I am sure, excuse me for taking an obvious precaution. There is water in your eyes. I perceive that all is as it should be. But we have to be careful, for we have twice been deceived by wigs and once by paint. I could tell you tales of cobbler's wax which would disgust you with human nature.
Duncan Ross: My name is Mr. Duncan Ross, and I am myself one of the pensioners upon the fund left by our noble benefactor. Are you a married man, Mr. Wilson? Have you a family?
Jabez Wilson: I answered that I had not.
Duncan Ross: Dear me! that is very serious indeed! I am sorry to hear you say that. The fund was, of course, for the propagation and spread of the red-heads as well as for their maintenance. It is exceedingly unfortunate that you should be a bachelor. My face lengthened at this, Mr. Holmes, for I thought that I was not to have the vacancy after all; but after thinking it over for a few minutes he said that it would be all right.
###
Wilson: My face lengthened at this, Mr. Holmes, for I thought that I was not to have the vacancy after all; but after thinking it over for a few minutes he said that it would be all right.
Holmes: In the case of another, the objection might be fatal, but we must stretch a point in favour of a man with such a head of hair as yours. When shall you be able to enter upon your new duties?
Wilson: Well, it is a little awkward, for I have a business already.
Spaulding: Oh, never mind about that, Mr. Wilson! I should be able to look after that for you.
Wilson: What would be the hours?
Spaulding: Ten to two.
Wilson: That would suit me very well. And the pay?
Spaulding: Is 4 a week.
Wilson: And the work?
Spaulding: Is purely nominal.
Wilson: What do you call purely nominal?
Spaulding: Well, you have to be in the office, or at least in the building, the whole time. If you leave, you forfeit your whole position forever. The will is very clear upon that point. You don't comply with the conditions if you budge from the office during that time.
Wilson: It's only four hours a day, and I should not think of leaving.
Ross: No excuse will avail, neither sickness nor business nor anything else. There you must stay, or you lose your billet.
Wilson: And the work?
Ross: Is to copy out the "Encyclopaedia Britannica." There is the first volume of it in that press. You must find your own ink, pens, and blotting-paper, but we provide this table and chair. Will you be ready to-morrow?
Wilson: Certainly.
###
Holmes: Is to copy out the "Encyclopaedia Britannica." There is the first volume of it in that press. You must find your own ink, pens, and blotting-paper, but we provide this table and chair. Will you be ready to-morrow?
Jabez Wilson: Certainly.
Holmes: Then, good-bye, Mr. Jabez Wilson, and let me congratulate you once more on the important position which you have been fortunate enough to gain.
Jabez Wilson: Well, I thought over the matter all day, and by evening I was in low spirits again; for I had quite persuaded myself that the whole affair must be some great hoax or fraud, though what its object might be I could not imagine. It seemed altogether past belief that anyone could make such a will, or that they would pay such a sum for doing anything so simple as copying out the 'Encyclopaedia Britannica.' Vincent Spaulding did what he could to cheer me up, but by bedtime I had reasoned myself out of the whole thing. However, in the morning I determined to have a look at it anyhow, so I bought a penny bottle of ink, and with a quill-pen, and seven sheets of foolscap paper, I started off for Pope's Court. Well, to my surprise and delight, everything was as right as possible. The table was set out ready for me, and Mr. Duncan Ross was there to see that I got fairly to work. He started me off upon the letter A, and then he left me; but he would drop in from time to time to see that all was right with me. At two o'clock he bade me good-day, complimented me upon the amount that I had written, and locked the door of the office after me.
###
Client: This went on day after day, Mr. Holmes, and on Saturday the manager came in and planked down four golden sovereigns for my week's work. It was the same next week, and the same the week after. Every morning I was there at ten, and every afternoon I left at two. By degrees Mr. Duncan Ross took to coming in only once of a morning, and then, after a time, he did not come in at all. Still, of course, I never dared to leave the room for an instant, for I was not sure when he might come, and the billet was such a good one, and suited me so well, that I would not risk the loss of it. Eight weeks passed away like this, and I had written about Abbots and Archery and Armour and Architecture and Attica, and hoped with diligence that I might get on to the B's before very long. It cost me something in foolscap, and I had pretty nearly filled a shelf with my writings. And then suddenly the whole business came to an end.
Client: To an end?
Client: Yes, sir. And no later than this morning. I went to my work as usual at ten o'clock, but the door was shut and locked, with a little square of cardboard hammered on to the middle of the panel with a tack. Here it is, and you can read for yourself. The Red headed League is Dissolved October 9, 1890.
Holmes: I cannot see that there is anything very funny, cried our client, flushing up to the roots of his flaming head. "If you can do nothing better than laugh at me, I can go elsewhere."
###
Client: I cannot see that there is anything very funny. If you can do nothing better than laugh at me, I can go elsewhere.
Holmes: No, no, I really wouldn't miss your case for the world. It is most refreshingly unusual. But there is, if you will excuse my saying so, something just a little funny about it. Pray what steps did you take when you found the card upon the door?
Client: I was staggered, sir. I did not know what to do. Then I called at the offices round, but none of them seemed to know anything about it. Finally, I went to the landlord, who is an accountant living on the ground-floor, and I asked him if he could tell me what had become of the Red-headed League. He said that he had never heard of any such body. Then I asked him who Mr. Duncan Ross was. He answered that the name was new to him. 'Well,' said I, 'the gentleman at No. 4.' 'What, the red-headed man?' 'Yes.' 'Oh,' said he, 'his name was William Morris. He was a solicitor and was using my room as a temporary convenience until his new premises were ready. He moved out yesterday.' 'Where could I find him?' 'Oh, at his new offices. He did tell me the address. Yes, 17 King Edward Street, near St. Paul's.' I started off, Mr. Holmes, but when I got to that address it was a manufactory of artificial knee-caps, and no one in it had ever heard of either Mr. William Morris or Mr. Duncan Ross.
Holmes: And what did you do then?
Client: I went home to Saxe-Coburg Square, and I took the advice of my assistant. But he could not help me in any way. He could only say that if I waited I should hear by post. But that was not quite good enough, Mr. Holmes. I did not wish to lose such a place without a struggle, so, as I had heard that you were good enough to give advice to poor folk who were in need of it, I came right away to you.
###
Holmes: And you did very wisely. Your case is an exceedingly remarkable one, and I shall be happy to look into it. From what you have told me I think that it is possible that graver issues hang from it than might at first sight appear.
Jabez Wilson: Grave enough! Why, I have lost four pound a week.
Holmes: As far as you are personally concerned, I do not see that you have any grievance against this extraordinary league. On the contrary, you are, as I understand, richer by some 30, to say nothing of the minute knowledge which you have gained on every subject which comes under the letter A. You have lost nothing by them.
Jabez Wilson: No, sir. But I want to find out about them, and who they are, and what their object was in playing this prank--if it was a prank--upon me. It was a pretty expensive joke for them, for it cost them two and thirty pounds.
Holmes: We shall endeavour to clear up these points for you. And, first, one or two questions, Mr. Wilson. This assistant of yours who first called your attention to the advertisement--how long had he been with you?
Jabez Wilson: About a month then.
Holmes: How did he come?
Jabez Wilson: In answer to an advertisement.
Holmes: Was he the only applicant?
Jabez Wilson: No, I had a dozen.
Holmes: Why did you pick him?
Jabez Wilson: Because he was handy and would come cheap.
Holmes: At half wages, in fact.
Jabez Wilson: Yes.
Holmes: What is he like, this Vincent Spaulding?
Jabez Wilson: Small, stout-built, very quick in his ways, no hair on his face, though he's not short of thirty. Has a white splash of acid upon his forehead.
Holmes: I thought as much. Have you ever observed that his ears are pierced for earrings?
Jabez Wilson: Yes, sir. He told me that a gipsy had done it for him when he was a lad.
Holmes: He is still with you?
Jabez Wilson: Oh, yes, sir; I have only just left him.
Holmes: And has your business been attended to in your absence?
Jabez Wilson: Nothing to complain of, sir. There's never very much to do of a morning.
###
Holmes: Hum! He is still with you?
Wilson: Oh, yes, sir; I have only just left him.
Holmes: And has your business been attended to in your absence?
Wilson: Nothing to complain of, sir. There's never very much to do of a morning.
Holmes: That will do, Mr. Wilson. I shall be happy to give you an opinion upon the subject in the course of a day or two. To-day is Saturday, and I hope that by Monday we may come to a conclusion.
Holmes: Well, Watson, what do you make of it all?
Watson: I make nothing of it. It is a most mysterious business.
Holmes: As a rule, the more bizarre a thing is the less mysterious it proves to be. It is your commonplace, featureless crimes which are really puzzling, just as a commonplace face is the most difficult to identify. But I must be prompt over this matter.
Watson: What are you going to do, then?
Holmes: To smoke. It is quite a three pipe problem, and I beg that you won't speak to me for fifty minutes.
Holmes: Sarasate plays at the St. James's Hall this afternoon. What do you think, Watson? Could your patients spare you for a few hours?
Watson: I have nothing to do to-day. My practice is never very absorbing.
Holmes: Then put on your hat and come. I am going through the City first, and we can have some lunch on the way. I observe that there is a good deal of German music on the programme, which is rather more to my taste than Italian or French. It is introspective, and I want to introspect. Come along!
###
Watson: We travelled by the Underground as far as Aldersgate; and a short walk took us to Saxe-Coburg Square, the scene of the singular story which we had listened to in the morning. It was a poky, little, shabby-genteel place, where four lines of dingy two-storied brick houses looked out into a small railed-in enclosure, where a lawn of weedy grass and a few clumps of faded laurel-bushes made a hard fight against a smoke-laden and uncongenial atmosphere. Three gilt balls and a brown board with "Jabez Wilson" in white letters, upon a corner house, announced the place where our red-headed client carried on his business. Sherlock Holmes stopped in front of it with his head on one side and looked it all over, with his eyes shining brightly between puckered lids. Then he walked slowly up the street, and then down again to the corner, still looking keenly at the houses. Finally he returned to the pawnbroker's, and, having thumped vigorously upon the pavement with his stick two or three times, he went up to the door and knocked. It was instantly opened by a bright-looking, clean-shaven young fellow, who asked him to step in.
Holmes: Thank you, I only wished to ask you how you would go from here to the Strand.
Assistant: Third right, fourth left.
Holmes: Smart fellow, that. He is, in my judgment, the fourth smartest man in London, and for daring I am not sure that he has not a claim to be third. I have known something of him before.
Watson: Evidently, Mr. Wilson's assistant counts for a good deal in this mystery of the Red-headed League. I am sure that you inquired your way merely in order that you might see him.
Holmes: Not him.
Watson: What then?
Holmes: The knees of his trousers.
Watson: And what did you see?
Holmes: What I expected to see.
Watson: Why did you beat the pavement?
###
Holmes: Not him.
Watson: What then?
Holmes: The knees of his trousers.
Watson: And what did you see?
Holmes: What I expected to see.
Watson: Why did you beat the pavement?
Holmes: My dear doctor, this is a time for observation, not for talk. We are spies in an enemy's country. We know something of Saxe-Coburg Square. Let us now explore the parts which lie behind it.
Holmes: Let me see, I should like just to remember the order of the houses here. It is a hobby of mine to have an exact knowledge of London. There is Mortimer's, the tobacconist, the little newspaper shop, the Coburg branch of the City and Suburban Bank, the Vegetarian Restaurant, and McFarlane's carriage-building depot. That carries us right on to the other block. And now, Doctor, we've done our work, so it's time we had some play. A sandwich and a cup of coffee, and then off to violin-land, where all is sweetness and delicacy and harmony, and there are no red-headed clients to vex us with their conundrums.
###
Watson: You want to go home, no doubt, Doctor.
Holmes: Yes, it would be as well.
Holmes: And I have some business to do which will take some hours. This business at Coburg Square is serious.
Watson: Why serious?
Holmes: A considerable crime is in contemplation. I have every reason to believe that we shall be in time to stop it. But today being Saturday rather complicates matters. I shall want your help tonight.
Watson: At what time?
Holmes: Ten will be early enough.
Watson: I shall be at Baker Street at ten.
###
Watson: At what time?
Holmes: Ten will be early enough.
Watson: I shall be at Baker Street at ten.
Holmes: Very well. And, I say, Doctor, there may be some little danger, so kindly put your army revolver in your pocket.
Holmes: Ha! Our party is complete. Watson, I think you know Mr. Jones, of Scotland Yard? Let me introduce you to Mr. Merryweather, who is to be our companion in to-night's adventure.
###
Jones: We're hunting in couples again, Doctor, you see. Our friend here is a wonderful man for starting a chase. All he wants is an old dog to help him to do the running down.
Merryweather: I hope a wild goose may not prove to be the end of our chase.
Police Agent: You may place considerable confidence in Mr. Holmes, sir. He has his own little methods, which are, if he won't mind my saying so, just a little too theoretical and fantastic, but he has the makings of a detective in him. It is not too much to say that once or twice, as in that business of the Sholto murder and the Agra treasure, he has been more nearly correct than the official force.
Stranger: Oh, if you say so, Mr. Jones, it is all right. Still, I confess that I miss my rubber. It is the first Saturday night for seven-and-twenty years that I have not had my rubber.
Holmes: I think you will find that you will play for a higher stake to-night than you have ever done yet, and that the play will be more exciting. For you, Mr. Merryweather, the stake will be some 30,000; and for you, Jones, it will be the man upon whom you wish to lay your hands.
Holmes: John Clay, the murderer, thief, smasher, and forger. He's a young man, Mr. Merryweather, but he is at the head of his profession, and I would rather have my bracelets on him than on any criminal in London. He's a remarkable man, is young John Clay. His grandfather was a royal duke, and he himself has been to Eton and Oxford. His brain is as cunning as his fingers, and though we meet signs of him at every turn, we never know where to find the man himself. He'll crack a crib in Scotland one week, and be raising money to build an orphanage in Cornwall the next. I've been on his track for years and have never set eyes on him yet.
###
Holmes: I hope that I may have the pleasure of introducing you tonight. I've had one or two little turns also with Mr. John Clay, and I agree with you that he is at the head of his profession. It is past ten, however, and quite time that we started. If you two will take the first hansom, Watson and I will follow in the second.
Holmes: We are close there now. This fellow Merryweather is a bank director, and personally interested in the matter. I thought it as well to have Jones with us also. He is not a bad fellow, though an absolute imbecile in his profession. He has one positive virtue. He is as brave as a bulldog and as tenacious as a lobster if he gets his claws upon anyone. Here we are, and they are waiting for us.
Watson: Sherlock Holmes was not very communicative during the long drive and lay back in the cab humming the tunes which he had heard in the afternoon. We rattled through an endless labyrinth of gas-lit streets until we emerged into Farrington Street.
Watson: We had reached the same crowded thoroughfare in which we had found ourselves in the morning. Our cabs were dismissed, and, following the guidance of Mr. Merryweather, we passed down a narrow passage and through a side door, which he opened for us. Within there was a small corridor, which ended in a very massive iron gate. This also was opened, and led down a flight of winding stone steps, which terminated at another formidable gate. Mr. Merryweather stopped to light a lantern, and then conducted us down a dark, earth-smelling passage, and so, after opening a third door, into a huge vault or cellar, which was piled all round with crates and massive boxes.
Holmes: You are not very vulnerable from above. Nor from below. Why, dear me, it sounds quite hollow!
###
Mr. Merryweather: Nor from below. Why, dear me, it sounds quite hollow!
Holmes: I must really ask you to be a little more quiet! You have already imperilled the whole success of our expedition. Might I beg that you would have the goodness to sit down upon one of those boxes, and not to interfere?
Mr. Merryweather: *perched himself upon a crate* with a very injured expression upon his face
Holmes: We have at least an hour before us, for they can hardly take any steps until the good pawnbroker is safely in bed. Then they will not lose a minute, for the sooner they do their work the longer time they will have for their escape. We are at present, Doctor--as no doubt you have divined--in the cellar of the City branch of one of the principal London banks. Mr. Merryweather is the chairman of directors, and he will explain to you that there are reasons why the more daring criminals of London should take a considerable interest in this cellar at present.
Mr. Merryweather: It is our French gold. We have had several warnings that an attempt might be made upon it.
Holmes: Your French gold?
Mr. Merryweather: Yes. We had occasion some months ago to strengthen our resources and borrowed for that purpose 30,000 napoleons from the Bank of France. It has become known that we have never had occasion to unpack the money, and that it is still lying in our cellar. The crate upon which I sit contains 2,000 napoleons packed between layers of lead foil. Our reserve of bullion is much larger at present than is usually kept in a single branch office, and the directors have had misgivings upon the subject.
###
Holmes: Which were very well justified. And now it is time that we arranged our little plans. I expect that within an hour matters will come to a head. In the meantime Mr. Merryweather, we must put the screen over that dark lantern.
Merryweather: And sit in the dark?
Holmes: I am afraid so. I had brought a pack of cards in my pocket, and I thought that, as we were a partie carre, you might have your rubber after all. But I see that the enemy's preparations have gone so far that we cannot risk the presence of a light. And, first of all, we must choose our positions. These are daring men, and though we shall take them at a disadvantage, they may do us some harm unless we are careful. I shall stand behind this crate, and do you conceal yourselves behind those. Then, when I flash a light upon them, close in swiftly. If they fire, Watson, have no compunction about shooting them down.
Watson: They have but one retreat. That is back through the house into Saxe-Coburg Square. I hope that you have done what I asked you, Jones?
Jones: I have an inspector and two officers waiting at the front door.
Holmes: Then we have stopped all the holes. And now we must be silent and wait.
###
Unknown: I have an inspector and two officers waiting at the front door.
Holmes: Then we have stopped all the holes. And now we must be silent and wait.
Watson: It's all clear. Have you the chisel and the bags? Great Scott! Jump, Archie, jump, and I'll swing for it!
###
Holmes: It's all clear. Have you the chisel and the bags? Great Scott! Jump, Archie, jump, and I'll swing for it!
Holmes: It's no use, John Clay. You have no chance at all.
John Clay: So I see. I fancy that my pal is all right, though I see you have got his coat-tails.
Holmes: There are three men waiting for him at the door.
John Clay: Oh, indeed! You seem to have done the thing very completely. I must compliment you.
Holmes: And I you. Your red-headed idea was very new and effective.
Jones: You'll see your pal again presently. He's quicker at climbing down holes than I am. Just hold out while I fix the derbies.
Prisoner: I beg that you will not touch me with your filthy hands. You may not be aware that I have royal blood in my veins. Have the goodness, also, when you address me always to say 'sir' and 'please.'
Jones: Well, would you please, sir, march upstairs, where we can get a cab to carry your Highness to the police-station?
John Clay: That is better.
Mr. Merryweather: Really, Mr. Holmes, I do not know how the bank can thank you or repay you. There is no doubt that you have detected and defeated in the most complete manner one of the most determined attempts at bank robbery that have ever come within my experience.
###
Holmes: I have had one or two little scores of my own to settle with Mr. John Clay. I have been at some small expense over this matter, which I shall expect the bank to refund, but beyond that I am amply repaid by having had an experience which is in many ways unique, and by hearing the very remarkable narrative of the Red-headed League.
Holmes: You see, Watson, it was perfectly obvious from the first that the only possible object of this rather fantastic business of the advertisement of the League, and the copying of the 'Encyclopaedia,' must be to get this not over-bright pawnbroker out of the way for a number of hours every day. It was a curious way of managing it, but, really, it would be difficult to suggest a better. The method was no doubt suggested to Clay's ingenious mind by the colour of his accomplice's hair. The 4 a week was a lure which must draw him, and what was it to them, who were playing for thousands? They put in the advertisement, one rogue has the temporary office, the other rogue incites the man to apply for it, and together they manage to secure his absence every morning in the week. From the time that I heard of the assistant having come for half wages, it was obvious to me that he had some strong motive for securing the situation.
Watson: But how could you guess what the motive was?
###
Holmes: But how could you guess what the motive was?
Watson: Had there been women in the house, I should have suspected a mere vulgar intrigue. That, however, was out of the question. The man's business was a small one, and there was nothing in his house which could account for such elaborate preparations, and such an expenditure as they were at. It must, then, be something out of the house. What could it be? I thought of the assistant's fondness for photography, and his trick of vanishing into the cellar. The cellar! There was the end of this tangled clue. Then I made inquiries as to this mysterious assistant and found that I had to deal with one of the coolest and most daring criminals in London. He was doing something in the cellar--something which took many hours a day for months on end. What could it be, once more? I could think of nothing save that he was running a tunnel to some other building. So far I had got when we went to visit the scene of action. I surprised you by beating upon the pavement with my stick. I was ascertaining whether the cellar stretched out in front or behind. It was not in front. Then I rang the bell, and, as I hoped, the assistant answered it. We have had some skirmishes, but we had never set eyes upon each other before. I hardly looked at his face. His knees were what I wished to see. You must yourself have remarked how worn, wrinkled, and stained they were. They spoke of those hours of burrowing. The only remaining point was what they were burrowing for. I walked round the corner, saw the City and Suburban Bank abutted on our friend's premises, and felt that I had solved my problem. When you drove home after the concert I called upon Scotland Yard and upon the chairman of the bank directors, with the result that you have seen.
Watson: And how could you tell that they would make their attempt to-night?
###
Watson: And how could you tell that they would make their attempt to-night?
Holmes: Well, when they closed their League offices that was a sign that they cared no longer about Mr. Jabez Wilson's presence--in other words, that they had completed their tunnel. But it was essential that they should use it soon, as it might be discovered, or the bullion might be removed. Saturday would suit them better than any other day, as it would give them two days for their escape. For all these reasons I expected them to come to-night.
Watson: You reasoned it out beautifully. It is so long a chain, and yet every link rings true.
Holmes: It saved me from ennui. Alas! I already feel it closing in upon me. My life is spent in one long effort to escape from the commonplaces of existence. These little problems help me to do so.
Watson: And you are a benefactor of the race.
Holmes: Well, perhaps, after all, it is of some little use. 'L'homme c'est rien--l'oeuvre c'est tout,' as Gustave Flaubert wrote to George Sand.
Holmes: My dear fellow, life is infinitely stranger than anything which the mind of man could invent. We would not dare to conceive the things which are really mere commonplaces of existence. If we could fly out of that window hand in hand, hover over this great city, gently remove the roofs, and peep in at the queer things which are going on, the strange coincidences, the plannings, the cross-purposes, the wonderful chains of events, working through generations, and leading to the most outr results, it would make all fiction with its conventionalities and foreseen conclusions most stale and unprofitable.
###
Watson: And yet I am not convinced of it. The cases which come to light in the papers are, as a rule, bald enough, and vulgar enough. We have in our police reports realism pushed to its extreme limits, and yet the result is, it must be confessed, neither fascinating nor artistic.
Holmes: A certain selection and discretion must be used in producing a realistic effect. This is wanting in the police report, where more stress is laid, perhaps, upon the platitudes of the magistrate than upon the details, which to an observer contain the vital essence of the whole matter. Depend upon it, there is nothing so unnatural as the commonplace.
Watson: I can quite understand your thinking so. Of course, in your position of unofficial adviser and helper to everybody who is absolutely puzzled, throughout three continents, you are brought in contact with all that is strange and bizarre. But here--let us put it to a practical test. Here is the first heading upon which I come. 'A husband's cruelty to his wife.' There is half a column of print, but I know without reading it that it is all perfectly familiar to me. There is, of course, the other woman, the drink, the push, the blow, the bruise, the sympathetic sister or landlady. The crudest of writers could invent nothing more crude.
Holmes: Indeed, your example is an unfortunate one for your argument. This is the Dundas separation case, and, as it happens, I was engaged in clearing up some small points in connection with it. The husband was a teetotaler, there was no other woman, and the conduct complained of was that he had drifted into the habit of winding up every meal by taking out his false teeth and hurling them at his wife, which, you will allow, is not an action likely to occur to the imagination of the average story-teller. Take a pinch of snuff, Doctor, and acknowledge that I have scored over you in your example.
###
Watson: Ah, I forgot that I had not seen you for some weeks. It is a little souvenir from the King of Bohemia in return for my assistance in the case of the Irene Adler papers.
Watson: And the ring?
Holmes: It was from the reigning family of Holland, though the matter in which I served them was of such delicacy that I cannot confide it even to you, who have been good enough to chronicle one or two of my little problems.
Watson: And have you any on hand just now?
Holmes: Some ten or twelve, but none which present any feature of interest. They are important, you understand, without being interesting. Indeed, I have found that it is usually in unimportant matters that there is a field for the observation, and for the quick analysis of cause and effect which gives the charm to an investigation. The larger crimes are apt to be the simpler, for the bigger the crime the more obvious, as a rule, is the motive. In these cases, save for one rather intricate matter which has been referred to me from Marseilles, there is nothing which presents any features of interest. It is possible, however, that I may have something better before very many minutes are over, for this is one of my clients, or I am much mistaken.
###
Holmes: I have seen those symptoms before. Oscillation upon the pavement always means an affaire de coeur. She would like advice, but is not sure that the matter is not too delicate for communication. And yet even here we may discriminate. When a woman has been seriously wronged by a man she no longer oscillates, and the usual symptom is a broken bell wire. Here we may take it that there is a love matter, but that the maiden is not so much angry as perplexed, or grieved. But here she comes in person to resolve our doubts.
boy in buttons: Miss Mary Sutherland
Holmes: Do you not find that with your short sight it is a little trying to do so much typewriting?
###
Holmes: Do you not find that with your short sight it is a little trying to do so much typewriting?
Miss Mary Sutherland: I did at first, but now I know where the letters are without looking. You've heard about me, Mr. Holmes, else how could you know all that?
Holmes: Never mind, it is my business to know things. Perhaps I have trained myself to see what others overlook. If not, why should you come to consult me?
Miss Mary Sutherland: I came to you, sir, because I heard of you from Mrs. Etherege, whose husband you found so easy when the police and everyone had given him up for dead. Oh, Mr. Holmes, I wish you would do as much for me. I'm not rich, but still I have a hundred a year in my own right, besides the little that I make by the machine, and I would give it all to know what has become of Mr. Hosmer Angel.
Holmes: Why did you come away to consult me in such a hurry?
Holmes: Your father, your stepfather, surely, since the name is different.
Miss Mary Sutherland: Yes, my stepfather. I call him father, though it sounds funny, too, for he is only five years and two months older than myself.
Holmes: And your mother is alive?
###
Holmes: Your father, your stepfather, surely, since the name is different.
Helen Stoner: Yes, my stepfather. I call him father, though it sounds funny, too, for he is only five years and two months older than myself.
Holmes: And your mother is alive?
Helen Stoner: Oh, yes, mother is alive and well. I wasn't best pleased, Mr. Holmes, when she married again so soon after father's death, and a man who was nearly fifteen years younger than herself. Father was a plumber in the Tottenham Court Road, and he left a tidy business behind him, which mother carried on with Mr. Hardy, the foreman; but when Mr. Windibank came he made her sell the business, for he was very superior, being a traveller in wines. They got 4700 for the goodwill and interest, which wasn't near as much as father could have got if he had been alive.
Holmes: Your own little income, does it come out of the business?
Helen Stoner: Oh, no, sir. It is quite separate and was left me by my uncle Ned in Auckland. It is in New Zealand stock, paying 4 per cent. Two thousand five hundred pounds was the amount, but I can only touch the interest.
Holmes: You interest me extremely. And since you draw so large a sum as a hundred a year, with what you earn into the bargain, you no doubt travel a little and indulge yourself in every way. I believe that a single lady can get on very nicely upon an income of about 60.
Helen Stoner: I could do with much less than that, Mr. Holmes, but you understand that as long as I live at home I don't wish to be a burden to them, and so they have the use of the money just while I am staying with them. Of course, that is only just for the time. Mr. Windibank draws my interest every quarter and pays it over to mother, and I find that I can do pretty well with what I earn at typewriting. It brings me twopence a sheet, and I can often do from fifteen to twenty sheets in a day.
###
Holmes: You have made your position very clear to me. This is my friend, Dr. Watson, before whom you can speak as freely as before myself. Kindly tell us now all about your connection with Mr. Hosmer Angel.
Miss Sutherland: I met him first at the gasfitters' ball. They used to send father tickets when he was alive, and then afterwards they remembered us, and sent them to mother. Mr. Windibank did not wish us to go. He never did wish us to go anywhere. He would get quite mad if I wanted so much as to join a Sunday-school treat. But this time I was set on going, and I would go; for what right had he to prevent? He said the folk were not fit for us to know, when all father's friends were to be there. And he said that I had nothing fit to wear, when I had my purple plush that I had never so much as taken out of the drawer. At last, when nothing else would do, he went off to France upon the business of the firm, but we went, mother and I, with Mr. Hardy, who used to be our foreman, and it was there I met Mr. Hosmer Angel.
Holmes: I suppose that when Mr. Windibank came back from France he was very annoyed at your having gone to the ball.
Miss Sutherland: Oh, well, he was very good about it. He laughed, I remember, and shrugged his shoulders, and said there was no use denying anything to a woman, for she would have her way.
Holmes: I see. Then at the gasfitters' ball you met, as I understand, a gentleman called Mr. Hosmer Angel.
Miss Sutherland: Yes, sir. I met him that night, and he called next day to ask if we had got home all safe, and after that we met him--that is to say, Mr. Holmes, I met him twice for walks, but after that father came back again, and Mr. Hosmer Angel could not come to the house any more.
Holmes: No?
###
Miss Sutherland: Well, you know father didn't like anything of the sort. He wouldn't have any visitors if he could help it, and he used to say that a woman should be happy in her own family circle. But then, as I used to say to mother, a woman wants her own circle to begin with, and I had not got mine yet.
Miss Sutherland: But how about Mr. Hosmer Angel? Did he make no attempt to see you?
Miss Sutherland: Well, father was going off to France again in a week, and Hosmer wrote and said that it would be safer and better not to see each other until he had gone. We could write in the meantime, and he used to write every day. I took the letters in in the morning, so there was no need for father to know.
Miss Sutherland: Were you engaged to the gentleman at this time?
Miss Sutherland: Oh, yes, Mr. Holmes. We were engaged after the first walk that we took. Hosmer--Mr. Angel--was a cashier in an office in Leadenhall Street--and--
Holmes: What office?
Miss Sutherland: That's the worst of it, Mr. Holmes, I don't know.
Holmes: Where did he live, then?
Miss Sutherland: He slept on the premises.
Holmes: And you don't know his address?
Miss Sutherland: No--except that it was Leadenhall Street.
Holmes: Where did you address your letters, then?
Miss Sutherland: To the Leadenhall Street Post Office, to be left till called for. He said that if they were sent to the office he would be chaffed by all the other clerks about having letters from a lady, so I offered to typewrite them, like he did his, but he wouldn't have that, for he said that when I wrote them they seemed to come from me, but when they were typewritten he always felt that the machine had come between us. That will just show you how fond he was of me, Mr. Holmes, and the little things that he would think of.
Holmes: It was most suggestive. It has long been an axiom of mine that the little things are infinitely the most important. Can you remember any other little things about Mr. Hosmer Angel?
###
Holmes: It was most suggestive. It has long been an axiom of mine that the little things are infinitely the most important. Can you remember any other little things about Mr. Hosmer Angel?
Client: He was a very shy man, Mr. Holmes. He would rather walk with me in the evening than in the daylight, for he said that he hated to be conspicuous. Very retiring and gentlemanly he was. Even his voice was gentle. He'd had the quinsy and swollen glands when he was young, he told me, and it had left him with a weak throat, and a hesitating, whispering fashion of speech. He was always well dressed, very neat and plain, but his eyes were weak, just as mine are, and he wore tinted glasses against the glare.
Holmes: Well, and what happened when Mr. Windibank, your stepfather, returned to France?
Client: Mr. Hosmer Angel came to the house again and proposed that we should marry before father came back. He was in dreadful earnest and made me swear, with my hands on the Testament, that whatever happened I would always be true to him. Mother said he was quite right to make me swear, and that it was a sign of his passion. Mother was all in his favour from the first and was even fonder of him than I was. Then, when they talked of marrying within the week, I began to ask about father; but they both said never to mind about father, but just to tell him afterwards, and mother said she would make it all right with him. I didn't quite like that, Mr. Holmes. It seemed funny that I should ask his leave, as he was only a few years older than me; but I didn't want to do anything on the sly, so I wrote to father at Bordeaux, where the company has its French offices, but the letter came back to me on the very morning of the wedding.
Holmes: It missed him, then?
Client: Yes, sir; for he had started to England just before it arrived.
Holmes: Ha! that was unfortunate. Your wedding was arranged, then, for the Friday. Was it to be in church?
###
Holmes: It missed him, then?
Watson: Yes, sir; for he had started to England just before it arrived.
Holmes: Ha! that was unfortunate. Your wedding was arranged, then, for the Friday. Was it to be in church?
Watson: Yes, sir, but very quietly. It was to be at St. Saviour's, near King's Cross, and we were to have breakfast afterwards at the St. Pancras Hotel. Hosmer came for us in a hansom, but as there were two of us he put us both into it and stepped himself into a four-wheeler, which happened to be the only other cab in the street. We got to the church first, and when the four-wheeler drove up we waited for him to step out, but he never did, and when the cabman got down from the box and looked there was no one there! The cabman said that he could not imagine what had become of him, for he had seen him get in with his own eyes. That was last Friday, Mr. Holmes, and I have never seen or heard anything since then to throw any light upon what became of him.
Holmes: It seems to me that you have been very shamefully treated.
Watson: Oh, no, sir! He was too good and kind to leave me so. Why, all the morning he was saying to me that, whatever happened, I was to be true; and that even if something quite unforeseen occurred to separate us, I was always to remember that I was pledged to him, and that he would claim his pledge sooner or later. It seemed strange talk for a wedding-morning, but what has happened since gives a meaning to it.
Holmes: Most certainly it does. Your own opinion is, then, that some unforeseen catastrophe has occurred to him?
Watson: Yes, sir. I believe that he foresaw some danger, or else he would not have talked so. And then I think that what he foresaw happened.
Holmes: But you have no notion as to what it could have been?
Watson: None.
Holmes: One more question. How did your mother take the matter?
Watson: She was angry, and said that I was never to speak of the matter again.
Holmes: And your father? Did you tell him?
###
Holmes: But you have no notion as to what it could have been?
Woman: None.
Holmes: One more question. How did your mother take the matter?
Woman: She was angry, and said that I was never to speak of the matter again.
Holmes: And your father? Did you tell him?
Woman: Yes; and he seemed to think, with me, that something had happened, and that I should hear of Hosmer again. As he said, what interest could anyone have in bringing me to the doors of the church, and then leaving me? Now, if he had borrowed my money, or if he had married me and got my money settled on him, there might be some reason, but Hosmer was very independent about money and never would look at a shilling of mine. And yet, what could have happened? And why could he not write? Oh, it drives me half-mad to think of it, and I can't sleep a wink at night.
Woman: I shall glance into the case for you, and I have no doubt that we shall reach some definite result. Let the weight of the matter rest upon me now, and do not let your mind dwell upon it further. Above all, try to let Mr. Hosmer Angel vanish from your memory, as he has done from your life.
Woman: Then you don't think I'll see him again?
Holmes: I fear not.
Woman: Then what has happened to him?
Holmes: You will leave that question in my hands. I should like an accurate description of him and any letters of his which you can spare.
Woman: I advertised for him in last Saturday's Chronicle. Here is the slip and here are four letters from him.
Holmes: Thank you. And your address?
Woman: No. 31 Lyon Place, Camberwell.
Holmes: Mr. Angel's address you never had, I understand. Where is your father's place of business?
Woman: He travels for Westhouse & Marbank, the great claret importers of Fenchurch Street.
Holmes: Thank you. You have made your statement very clearly. You will leave the papers here, and remember the advice which I have given you. Let the whole incident be a sealed book, and do not allow it to affect your life.
###
Holmes: Thank you. You have made your statement very clearly. You will leave the papers here, and remember the advice which I have given you. Let the whole incident be a sealed book, and do not allow it to affect your life.
Visitor: You are very kind, Mr. Holmes, but I cannot do that. I shall be true to Hosmer. He shall find me ready when he comes back.
Narrator: For all the preposterous hat and the vacuous face, there was something noble in the simple faith of our visitor which compelled our respect. She laid her little bundle of papers upon the table and went her way, with a promise to come again whenever she might be summoned.
Holmes: Quite an interesting study, that maiden. I found her more interesting than her little problem, which, by the way, is rather a trite one. You will find parallel cases, if you consult my index, in Andover in '77, and there was something of the sort at The Hague last year. Old as is the idea, however, there were one or two details which were new to me. But the maiden herself was most instructive.
Watson: You appeared to read a good deal upon her which was quite invisible to me, I remarked.
Holmes: Not invisible but unnoticed, Watson. You did not know where to look, and so you missed all that was important. I can never bring you to realise the importance of sleeves, the suggestiveness of thumb-nails, or the great issues that may hang from a boot-lace. Now, what did you gather from that woman's appearance? Describe it.
###
Holmes: 'Pon my word, Watson, you are coming along wonderfully. You have really done very well indeed. It is true that you have missed everything of importance, but you have hit upon the method, and you have a quick eye for colour. Never trust to general impressions, my boy, but concentrate yourself upon details. My first glance is always at a woman's sleeve. In a man it is perhaps better first to take the knee of the trouser. As you observe, this woman had plush upon her sleeves, which is a most useful material for showing traces. The double line a little above the wrist, where the typewritist presses against the table, was beautifully defined. The sewing-machine, of the hand type, leaves a similar mark, but only on the left arm, and on the side of it farthest from the thumb, instead of being right across the broadest part, as this was. I then glanced at her face, and, observing the dint of a pince-nez at either side of her nose, I ventured a remark upon short sight and typewriting, which seemed to surprise her.
Watson: It surprised me.
###
Watson: It surprised me.
Holmes: But, surely, it was obvious. I was then much surprised and interested on glancing down to observe that, though the boots which she was wearing were not unlike each other, they were really odd ones; the one having a slightly decorated toe-cap, and the other a plain one. One was buttoned only in the two lower buttons out of five, and the other at the first, third, and fifth. Now, when you see that a young lady, otherwise neatly dressed, has come away from home with odd boots, half-buttoned, it is no great deduction to say that she came away in a hurry.
Watson: And what else?
Holmes: I noted, in passing, that she had written a note before leaving home but after being fully dressed. You observed that her right glove was torn at the forefinger, but you did not apparently see that both glove and finger were stained with violet ink. She had written in a hurry and dipped her pen too deep. It must have been this morning, or the mark would not remain clear upon the finger. All this is amusing, though rather elementary, but I must go back to business, Watson. Would you mind reading me the advertised description of Mr. Hosmer Angel?
Watson: Missing, on the morning of the fourteenth, a gentleman named Hosmer Angel. About five ft. seven in. in height; strongly built, sallow complexion, black hair, a little bald in the centre, bushy, black side-whiskers and moustache; tinted glasses, slight infirmity of speech. Was dressed, when last seen, in black frock-coat faced with silk, black waistcoat, gold Albert chain, and grey Harris tweed trousers, with brown gaiters over elastic-sided boots. Known to have been employed in an office in Leadenhall Street. Anybody bringing--
###
Holmes: That will do. As to the letters, they are very commonplace. Absolutely no clue in them to Mr. Angel, save that he quotes Balzac once. There is one remarkable point, however, which will no doubt strike you.
Watson: They are typewritten.
Holmes: Not only that, but the signature is typewritten. Look at the neat little 'Hosmer Angel' at the bottom. There is a date, you see, but no superscription except Leadenhall Street, which is rather vague. The point about the signature is very suggestive--in fact, we may call it conclusive.
Watson: Of what?
Holmes: My dear fellow, is it possible you do not see how strongly it bears upon the case?
Watson: I cannot say that I do unless it were that he wished to be able to deny his signature if an action for breach of promise were instituted.
Holmes: No, that was not the point. However, I shall write two letters, which should settle the matter. One is to a firm in the City, the other is to the young lady's stepfather, Mr. Windibank, asking him whether he could meet us here at six o'clock tomorrow evening. It is just as well that we should do business with the male relatives. And now, Doctor, we can do nothing until the answers to those letters come, so we may put our little problem upon the shelf for the interim.
Watson: I had had so many reasons to believe in my friend's subtle powers of reasoning and extraordinary energy in action that I felt that he must have some solid grounds for the assured and easy demeanour with which he treated the singular mystery which he had been called upon to fathom. Once only had I known him to fail, in the case of the King of Bohemia and of the Irene Adler photograph; but when I looked back to the weird business of the Sign of Four, and the extraordinary circumstances connected with the Study in Scarlet, I felt that it would be a strange tangle indeed which he could not unravel.
###
Watson: Well, have you solved it?
Holmes: Yes. It was the bisulphate of baryta.
Watson: No, no, the mystery!
Holmes: Oh, that! I thought of the salt that I have been working upon. There was never any mystery in the matter, though, as I said yesterday, some of the details are of interest. The only drawback is that there is no law, I fear, that can touch the scoundrel.
Watson: Who was he, then, and what was his object in deserting Miss Sutherland?
Holmes: This is the girl's stepfather, Mr. James Windibank. He has written to me to say that he would be here at six. Come in!
###
Holmes: Good-evening, Mr. James Windibank. I think that this typewritten letter is from you, in which you made an appointment with me for six o'clock?
Windibank: Yes, sir. I am afraid that I am a little late, but I am not quite my own master, you know. I am sorry that Miss Sutherland has troubled you about this little matter, for I think it is far better not to wash linen of the sort in public. It was quite against my wishes that she came, but she is a very excitable, impulsive girl, as you may have noticed, and she is not easily controlled when she has made up her mind on a point. Of course, I did not mind you so much, as you are not connected with the official police, but it is not pleasant to have a family misfortune like this noised abroad. Besides, it is a useless expense, for how could you possibly find this Hosmer Angel?
Holmes: On the contrary, I have every reason to believe that I will succeed in discovering Mr. Hosmer Angel.
Windibank: I am delighted to hear it.
Holmes: It is a curious thing that a typewriter has really quite as much individuality as a man's handwriting. Unless they are quite new, no two of them write exactly alike. Some letters get more worn than others, and some wear only on one side. Now, you remark in this note of yours, Mr. Windibank, that in every case there is some little slurring over of the 'e,' and a slight defect in the tail of the 'r.' There are fourteen other characteristics, but those are the more obvious.
Windibank: We do all our correspondence with this machine at the office, and no doubt it is a little worn.
###
Visitor: We do all our correspondence with this machine at the office, and no doubt it is a little worn.
Holmes: And now I will show you what is really a very interesting study, Mr. Windibank. I think of writing another little monograph some of these days on the typewriter and its relation to crime. It is a subject to which I have devoted some little attention. I have here four letters which purport to come from the missing man. They are all typewritten. In each case, not only are the 'e's' slurred and the 'r's' tailless, but you will observe, if you care to use my magnifying lens, that the fourteen other characteristics to which I have alluded are there as well.
Windibank: I cannot waste time over this sort of fantastic talk, Mr. Holmes. If you can catch the man, catch him, and let me know when you have done it.
Holmes: Certainly, I let you know, then, that I have caught him!
Windibank: What! where?
Holmes: Oh, it won't do--really it won't. There is no possible getting out of it, Mr. Windibank. It is quite too transparent, and it was a very bad compliment when you said that it was impossible for me to solve so simple a question. That's right! Sit down and let us talk it over.
Visitor: It--it's not actionable.
Holmes: I am very much afraid that it is not. But between ourselves, Windibank, it was as cruel and selfish and heartless a trick in a petty way as ever came before me. Now, let me just run over the course of events, and you will contradict me if I go wrong.
###
Holmes: I am very much afraid that it is not. But between ourselves, Windibank, it was as cruel and selfish and heartless a trick in a petty way as ever came before me. Now, let me just run over the course of events, and you will contradict me if I go wrong.
Windibank: The man sat huddled up in his chair, with his head sunk upon his breast, like one who is utterly crushed.
Holmes: The man married a woman very much older than himself for her money, and he enjoyed the use of the money of the daughter as long as she lived with them. It was a considerable sum, for people in their position, and the loss of it would have made a serious difference. It was worth an effort to preserve it. The daughter was of a good, amiable disposition, but affectionate and warm-hearted in her ways, so that it was evident that with her fair personal advantages, and her little income, she would not be allowed to remain single long. Now her marriage would mean, of course, the loss of a hundred a year, so what does her stepfather do to prevent it? He takes the obvious course of keeping her at home and forbidding her to seek the company of people of her own age. But soon he found that that would not answer forever. She became restive, insisted upon her rights, and finally announced her positive intention of going to a certain ball. What does her clever stepfather do then? He conceives an idea more creditable to his head than to his heart. With the connivance and assistance of his wife he disguised himself, covered those keen eyes with tinted glasses, masked the face with a moustache and a pair of bushy whiskers, sunk that clear voice into an insinuating whisper, and doubly secure on account of the girl's short sight, he appears as Mr. Hosmer Angel, and keeps off other lovers by making love himself.
###
Visitor: It was only a joke at first. We never thought that she would have been so carried away.
Holmes: Very likely not. However that may be, the young lady was very decidedly carried away, and, having quite made up her mind that her stepfather was in France, the suspicion of treachery never for an instant entered her mind. She was flattered by the gentleman's attentions, and the effect was increased by the loudly expressed admiration of her mother. Then Mr. Angel began to call, for it was obvious that the matter should be pushed as far as it would go if a real effect were to be produced. There were meetings, and an engagement, which would finally secure the girl's affections from turning towards anyone else. But the deception could not be kept up forever. These pretended journeys to France were rather cumbrous. The thing to do was clearly to bring the business to an end in such a dramatic manner that it would leave a permanent impression upon the young lady's mind and prevent her from looking upon any other suitor for some time to come. Hence those vows of fidelity exacted upon a Testament, and hence also the allusions to a possibility of something happening on the very morning of the wedding. James Windibank wished Miss Sutherland to be so bound to Hosmer Angel, and so uncertain as to his fate, that for ten years to come, at any rate, she would not listen to another man. As far as the church door he brought her, and then, as he could go no farther, he conveniently vanished away by the old trick of stepping in at one door of a four-wheeler and out at the other. I think that was the chain of events, Mr. Windibank!
Visitor: Our visitor had recovered something of his assurance while Holmes had been talking, and he rose from his chair now with a cold sneer upon his pale face.
###
Holmes: I think that was the chain of events, Mr. Windibank!
Windibank: It may be so, or it may not, Mr. Holmes, but if you are so very sharp you ought to be sharp enough to know that it is you who are breaking the law now, and not me. I have done nothing actionable from the first, but as long as you keep that door locked you lay yourself open to an action for assault and illegal constraint.
Holmes: The law cannot, as you say, touch you, yet there never was a man who deserved punishment more. If the young lady has a brother or a friend, he ought to lay a whip across your shoulders. By Jove! it is not part of my duties to my client, but here's a hunting crop handy, and I think I shall just treat myself to--
Holmes: There's a cold-blooded scoundrel! That fellow will rise from crime to crime until he does something very bad, and ends on a gallows. The case has, in some respects, been not entirely devoid of interest.
Watson: I cannot now entirely see all the steps of your reasoning, I remarked.
###
Watson: I cannot now entirely see all the steps of your reasoning.
Holmes: Well, of course it was obvious from the first that this Mr. Hosmer Angel must have some strong object for his curious conduct, and it was equally clear that the only man who really profited by the incident, as far as we could see, was the stepfather. Then the fact that the two men were never together, but that the one always appeared when the other was away, was suggestive. So were the tinted spectacles and the curious voice, which both hinted at a disguise, as did the bushy whiskers. My suspicions were all confirmed by his peculiar action in typewriting his signature, which, of course, inferred that his handwriting was so familiar to her that she would recognise even the smallest sample of it. You see all these isolated facts, together with many minor ones, all pointed in the same direction.
Watson: And how did you verify them?
Holmes: Having once spotted my man, it was easy to get corroboration. I knew the firm for which this man worked. Having taken the printed description, I eliminated everything from it which could be the result of a disguise--the whiskers, the glasses, the voice, and I sent it to the firm, with a request that they would inform me whether it answered to the description of any of their travellers. I had already noticed the peculiarities of the typewriter, and I wrote to the man himself at his business address asking him if he would come here. As I expected, his reply was typewritten and revealed the same trivial but characteristic defects. The same post brought me a letter from Westhouse & Marbank, of Fenchurch Street, to say that the description tallied in every respect with that of their employee, James Windibank. Voil tout!
Watson: And Miss Sutherland?
Holmes: If I tell her she will not believe me. You may remember the old Persian saying, 'There is danger for him who taketh the tiger cub, and danger also for whoso snatches a delusion from a woman.' There is as much sense in Hafiz as in Horace, and as much knowledge of the world.
###
Watson: What do you say, dear? Will you go?
Wife: Oh, Anstruther would do your work for you. You have been looking a little pale lately. I think that the change would do you good, and you are always so interested in Mr. Sherlock Holmes' cases.
Watson: I should be ungrateful if I were not, seeing what I gained through one of them. But if I am to go, I must pack at once, for I have only half an hour.
Holmes: It is really very good of you to come, Watson. It makes a considerable difference to me, having someone with me on whom I can thoroughly rely. Local aid is always either worthless or else biassed. If you will keep the two corner seats I shall get the tickets.
Holmes: Have you heard anything of the case?
Watson: Not a word. I have not seen a paper for some days.
###
Holmes: Have you heard anything of the case?
Watson: Not a word. I have not seen a paper for some days.
Holmes: The London press has not had very full accounts. I have just been looking through all the recent papers in order to master the particulars. It seems, from what I gather, to be one of those simple cases which are so extremely difficult.
Watson: That sounds a little paradoxical.
Holmes: But it is profoundly true. Singularity is almost invariably a clue. The more featureless and commonplace a crime is, the more difficult it is to bring it home. In this case, however, they have established a very serious case against the son of the murdered man.
Watson: It is a murder, then?
Holmes: Well, it is conjectured to be so. I shall take nothing for granted until I have the opportunity of looking personally into it. I will explain the state of things to you, as far as I have been able to understand it, in a very few words.
###
Holmes: Well, it is conjectured to be so. I shall take nothing for granted until I have the opportunity of looking personally into it. I will explain the state of things to you, as far as I have been able to understand it, in a very few words.
Holmes: Boscombe Valley is a country district not very far from Ross, in Herefordshire. The largest landed proprietor in that part is a Mr. John Turner, who made his money in Australia and returned some years ago to the old country. One of the farms which he held, that of Hatherley, was let to Mr. Charles McCarthy, who was also an ex-Australian. The men had known each other in the colonies, so that it was not unnatural that when they came to settle down they should do so as near each other as possible. Turner was apparently the richer man, so McCarthy became his tenant but still remained, it seems, upon terms of perfect equality, as they were frequently together. McCarthy had one son, a lad of eighteen, and Turner had an only daughter of the same age, but neither of them had wives living. They appear to have avoided the society of the neighbouring English families and to have led retired lives, though both the McCarthys were fond of sport and were frequently seen at the race-meetings of the neighbourhood. McCarthy kept two servants--a man and a girl. Turner had a considerable household, some half-dozen at the least. That is as much as I have been able to gather about the families. Now for the facts.
Holmes: On June 3rd, that is, on Monday last, McCarthy left his house at Hatherley about three in the afternoon and walked down to the Boscombe Pool, which is a small lake formed by the spreading out of the stream which runs down the Boscombe Valley. He had been out with his serving-man in the morning at Ross, and he had told the man that he must hurry, as he had an appointment of importance to keep at three. From that appointment he never came back alive.
###
Watson: The two McCarthys were seen after the time when William Crowder, the game-keeper, lost sight of them. The Boscombe Pool is thickly wooded round, with just a fringe of grass and of reeds round the edge. A girl of fourteen, Patience Moran, who is the daughter of the lodge-keeper of the Boscombe Valley estate, was in one of the woods picking flowers. She states that while she was there she saw, at the border of the wood and close by the lake, Mr. McCarthy and his son, and that they appeared to be having a violent quarrel. She heard Mr. McCarthy the elder using very strong language to his son, and she saw the latter raise up his hand as if to strike his father. She was so frightened by their violence that she ran away and told her mother when she reached home that she had left the two McCarthys quarrelling near Boscombe Pool, and that she was afraid that they were going to fight. She had hardly said the words when young Mr. McCarthy came running up to the lodge to say that he had found his father dead in the wood, and to ask for the help of the lodge-keeper. He was much excited, without either his gun or his hat, and his right hand and sleeve were observed to be stained with fresh blood. On following him they found the dead body stretched out upon the grass beside the pool. The head had been beaten in by repeated blows of some heavy and blunt weapon. The injuries were such as might very well have been inflicted by the butt-end of his son's gun, which was found lying on the grass within a few paces of the body. Under these circumstances the young man was instantly arrested, and a verdict of 'wilful murder' having been returned at the inquest on Tuesday, he was on Wednesday brought before the magistrates at Ross, who have referred the case to the next Assizes. Those are the main facts of the case as they came out before the coroner and the police-court.
Holmes: I could hardly imagine a more damning case. If ever circumstantial evidence pointed to a criminal it does so here.
###
Watson: I could hardly imagine a more damning case. If ever circumstantial evidence pointed to a criminal it does so here.
Holmes: Circumstantial evidence is a very tricky thing. It may seem to point very straight to one thing, but if you shift your own point of view a little, you may find it pointing in an equally uncompromising manner to something entirely different. It must be confessed, however, that the case looks exceedingly grave against the young man, and it is very possible that he is indeed the culprit. There are several people in the neighbourhood, however, and among them Miss Turner, the daughter of the neighbouring landowner, who believe in his innocence, and who have retained Lestrade, whom you may recollect in connection with the Study in Scarlet, to work out the case in his interest. Lestrade, being rather puzzled, has referred the case to me, and hence it is that two middle-aged gentlemen are flying westward at fifty miles an hour instead of quietly digesting their breakfasts at home.
Watson: I am afraid that the facts are so obvious that you will find little credit to be gained out of this case.
Holmes: There is nothing more deceptive than an obvious fact. Besides, we may chance to hit upon some other obvious facts which may have been by no means obvious to Mr. Lestrade. You know me too well to think that I am boasting when I say that I shall either confirm or destroy his theory by means which he is quite incapable of employing, or even of understanding. To take the first example to hand, I very clearly perceive that in your bedroom the window is upon the right-hand side, and yet I question whether Mr. Lestrade would have noted even so self-evident a thing as that.
###
Watson: How on earth-
Holmes: My dear fellow, I know you well. I know the military neatness which characterises you. You shave every morning, and in this season you shave by the sunlight; but since your shaving is less and less complete as we get farther back on the left side, until it becomes positively slovenly as we get round the angle of the jaw, it is surely very clear that that side is less illuminated than the other. I could not imagine a man of your habits looking at himself in an equal light and being satisfied with such a result. I only quote this as a trivial example of observation and inference. Therein lies my mtier, and it is just possible that it may be of some service in the investigation which lies before us. There are one or two minor points which were brought out in the inquest, and which are worth considering.
Watson: What are they?
Holmes: It appears that his arrest did not take place at once, but after the return to Hatherley Farm. On the inspector of constabulary informing him that he was a prisoner, he remarked that he was not surprised to hear it, and that it was no more than his deserts. This observation of his had the natural effect of removing any traces of doubt which might have remained in the minds of the coroner's jury.
Watson: It was a confession.
Holmes: No, for it was followed by a protestation of innocence.
Watson: Coming on the top of such a damning series of events, it was at least a most suspicious remark.
###
Watson: It was a confession, I ejaculated.
Holmes: No, for it was followed by a protestation of innocence.
Watson: Coming on the top of such a damning series of events, it was at least a most suspicious remark.
Holmes: On the contrary, it is the brightest rift which I can at present see in the clouds. However innocent he might be, he could not be such an absolute imbecile as not to see that the circumstances were very black against him. Had he appeared surprised at his own arrest, or feigned indignation at it, I should have looked upon it as highly suspicious, because such surprise or anger would not be natural under the circumstances, and yet might appear to be the best policy to a scheming man. His frank acceptance of the situation marks him as either an innocent man, or else as a man of considerable self-restraint and firmness. As to his remark about his deserts, it was also not unnatural if you consider that he stood beside the dead body of his father, and that there is no doubt that he had that very day so far forgotten his filial duty as to bandy words with him, and even, according to the little girl whose evidence is so important, to raise his hand as if to strike him. The self-reproach and contrition which are displayed in his remark appear to me to be the signs of a healthy mind rather than of a guilty one.
Watson: Many men have been hanged on far slighter evidence, I remarked.
Holmes: So they have. And many men have been wrongfully hanged.
Watson: What is the young man's own account of the matter?
Holmes: It is, I am afraid, not very encouraging to his supporters, though there are one or two points in it which are suggestive. You will find it here, and may read it for yourself. He picked out from his bundle a copy of the local Herefordshire paper, and having turned down the sheet he pointed out the paragraph in which the unfortunate young man had given his own statement of what had occurred. I settled myself down in the corner of the carriage and read it very carefully. It ran in this way:
###
Holmes: Both you and the coroner have been at some pains to single out the very strongest points in the young man's favour. Don't you see that you alternately give him credit for having too much imagination and too little? Too little, if he could not invent a cause of quarrel which would give him the sympathy of the jury; too much, if he evolved from his own inner consciousness anything so outr as a dying reference to a rat, and the incident of the vanishing cloth. No, sir, I shall approach this case from the point of view that what this young man says is true, and we shall see whither that hypothesis will lead us. And now here is my pocket Petrarch, and not another word shall I say of this case until we are on the scene of action. We lunch at Swindon, and I see that we shall be there in twenty minutes.
Watson: It was nearly four o'clock when we at last, after passing through the beautiful Stroud Valley, and over the broad gleaming Severn, found ourselves at the pretty little country-town of Ross. A lean, ferret-like man, furtive and sly-looking, was waiting for us upon the platform. In spite of the light brown dustcoat and leather-leggings which he wore in deference to his rustic surroundings, I had no difficulty in recognising Lestrade, of Scotland Yard. With him we drove to the Hereford Arms where a room had already been engaged for us.
Lestrade: I have ordered a carriage. I knew your energetic nature, and that you would not be happy until you had been on the scene of the crime.
Holmes: It was very nice and complimentary of you. It is entirely a question of barometric pressure.
Lestrade: I do not quite follow.
###
Holmes: It was very nice and complimentary of you. It is entirely a question of barometric pressure.
Lestrade: I do not quite follow.
Holmes: How is the glass? Twenty-nine, I see. No wind, and not a cloud in the sky. I have a caseful of cigarettes here which need smoking, and the sofa is very much superior to the usual country hotel abomination. I do not think that it is probable that I shall use the carriage tonight.
Lestrade: You have, no doubt, already formed your conclusions from the newspapers. The case is as plain as a pikestaff, and the more one goes into it the plainer it becomes. Still, of course, one can't refuse a lady, and such a very positive one, too. She has heard of you, and would have your opinion, though I repeatedly told her that there was nothing which you could do which I had not already done. Why, bless my soul! here is her carriage at the door.
Miss Turner: Oh, Mr. Sherlock Holmes! she cried, glancing from one to the other of us, and finally, with a woman's quick intuition, fastening upon my companion, "I am so glad that you have come. I have driven down to tell you so. I know that James didn't do it. I know it, and I want you to start upon your work knowing it, too. Never let yourself doubt upon that point. We have known each other since we were little children, and I know his faults as no one else does; but he is too tender-hearted to hurt a fly. Such a charge is absurd to anyone who really knows him."
Holmes: I hope we may clear him, Miss Turner. You may rely upon my doing all that I can.
###
Holmes: I hope we may clear him, Miss Turner. You may rely upon my doing all that I can.
Miss Turner: But you have read the evidence. You have formed some conclusion? Do you not see some loophole, some flaw? Do you not yourself think that he is innocent?
Holmes: I think that it is very probable.
Miss Turner: There, now! He gives me hopes.
Lestrade: I am afraid that my colleague has been a little quick in forming his conclusions.
Miss Turner: But he is right. Oh! I know that he is right. James never did it. And about his quarrel with his father, I am sure that the reason why he would not speak about it to the coroner was because I was concerned in it.
Holmes: In what way?
Miss Turner: It is no time for me to hide anything. James and his father had many disagreements about me. Mr. McCarthy was very anxious that there should be a marriage between us. James and I have always loved each other as brother and sister; but of course he is young and has seen very little of life yet, and--and--well, he naturally did not wish to do anything like that yet. So there were quarrels, and this, I am sure, was one of them.
Holmes: And your father? Was he in favour of such a union?
Miss Turner: No, he was averse to it also. No one but Mr. McCarthy was in favour of it.
Holmes: Thank you for this information. May I see your father if I call tomorrow?
Miss Turner: I am afraid the doctor won't allow it.
Holmes: The doctor?
Miss Turner: Yes, have you not heard? Poor father has never been strong for years back, but this has broken him down completely. He has taken to his bed, and Dr. Willows says that he is a wreck and that his nervous system is shattered. Mr. McCarthy was the only man alive who had known dad in the old days in Victoria.
Holmes: Ha! In Victoria! That is important.
Miss Turner: Yes, at the mines.
###
Holmes: Ha! In Victoria! That is important.
Watson: Yes, at the mines.
Holmes: Quite so; at the gold-mines, where, as I understand, Mr. Turner made his money.
Watson: Yes, certainly.
Holmes: Thank you, Miss Turner. You have been of material assistance to me.
Miss Turner: You will tell me if you have any news tomorrow. No doubt you will go to the prison to see James. Oh, if you do, Mr. Holmes, do tell him that I know him to be innocent.
Holmes: I will, Miss Turner.
Miss Turner: I must go home now, for dad is very ill, and he misses me so if I leave him. Good-bye, and God help you in your undertaking.
Lestrade: I am ashamed of you, Holmes. Why should you raise up hopes which you are bound to disappoint? I am not over-tender of heart, but I call it cruel.
Holmes: I think that I see my way to clearing James McCarthy. Have you an order to see him in prison?
Lestrade: Yes, but only for you and me.
Holmes: Then I shall reconsider my resolution about going out. We have still time to take a train to Hereford and see him tonight?
Lestrade: Ample.
Holmes: Then let us do so. Watson, I fear that you will find it very slow, but I shall only be away a couple of hours.
###
Watson: Then I shall reconsider my resolution about going out. We have still time to take a train to Hereford and see him tonight?
Holmes: Ample.
Watson: Then let us do so. Watson, I fear that you will find it very slow, but I shall only be away a couple of hours.
###
Watson: Still, it did not go for very much, for the older man might have turned his back before the blow fell. Still, it might be worth while to call Holmes' attention to it. Then there was the peculiar dying reference to a rat. What could that mean? It could not be delirium. A man dying from a sudden blow does not commonly become delirious. No, it was more likely to be an attempt to explain how he met his fate. But what could it indicate? I cudgelled my brains to find some possible explanation. And then the incident of the grey cloth seen by young McCarthy. If that were true the murderer must have dropped some part of his dress, presumably his overcoat, in his flight, and must have had the hardihood to return and to carry it away at the instant when the son was kneeling with his back turned not a dozen paces off. What a tissue of mysteries and improbabilities the whole thing was! I did not wonder at Lestrade's opinion, and yet I had so much faith in Sherlock Holmes' insight that I could not lose hope as long as every fresh fact seemed to strengthen his conviction of young McCarthy's innocence.
Watson: It was late before Sherlock Holmes returned. He came back alone, for Lestrade was staying in lodgings in the town.
Holmes: The glass still keeps very high. It is of importance that it should not rain before we are able to go over the ground. On the other hand, a man should be at his very best and keenest for such nice work as that, and I did not wish to do it when fagged by a long journey. I have seen young McCarthy.
Watson: And what did you learn from him?
Holmes: Nothing.
Watson: Could he throw no light?
Holmes: None at all. I was inclined to think at one time that he knew who had done it and was screening him or her, but I am convinced now that he is as puzzled as everyone else. He is not a very quick-witted youth, though comely to look at and, I should think, sound at heart.
###
Watson: I cannot admire his taste, if it is indeed a fact that he was averse to a marriage with so charming a young lady as this Miss Turner.
Holmes: Ah, thereby hangs a rather painful tale. This fellow is madly, insanely, in love with her, but some two years ago, when he was only a lad, and before he really knew her, for she had been away five years at a boarding-school, what does the idiot do but get into the clutches of a barmaid in Bristol and marry her at a registry office? No one knows a word of the matter, but you can imagine how maddening it must be to him to be upbraided for not doing what he would give his very eyes to do, but what he knows to be absolutely impossible. It was sheer frenzy of this sort which made him throw his hands up into the air when his father, at their last interview, was goading him on to propose to Miss Turner. On the other hand, he had no means of supporting himself, and his father, who was by all accounts a very hard man, would have thrown him over utterly had he known the truth. It was with his barmaid wife that he had spent the last three days in Bristol, and his father did not know where he was. Mark that point. It is of importance. Good has come out of evil, however, for the barmaid, finding from the papers that he is in serious trouble and likely to be hanged, has thrown him over utterly and has written to him to say that she has a husband already in the Bermuda Dockyard, so that there is really no tie between them. I think that that bit of news has consoled young McCarthy for all that he has suffered.
Watson: But if he is innocent, who has done it?
###
Watson: But if he is innocent, who has done it?
Holmes: Ah! who? I would call your attention very particularly to two points. One is that the murdered man had an appointment with someone at the pool, and that the someone could not have been his son, for his son was away, and he did not know when he would return. The second is that the murdered man was heard to cry 'Cooee!' before he knew that his son had returned. Those are the crucial points upon which the case depends. And now let us talk about George Meredith, if you please, and we shall leave all minor matters until to-morrow.
Lestrade: There is serious news this morning. It is said that Mr. Turner, of the Hall, is so ill that his life is despaired of.
Holmes: An elderly man, I presume?
Lestrade: About sixty; but his constitution has been shattered by his life abroad, and he has been in failing health for some time. This business has had a very bad effect upon him. He was an old friend of McCarthy's, and, I may add, a great benefactor to him, for I have learned that he gave him Hatherley Farm rent free.
Holmes: Indeed! That is interesting.
Lestrade: Oh, yes! In a hundred other ways he has helped him. Everybody about here speaks of his kindness to him.
Holmes: Really! Does it not strike you as a little singular that this McCarthy, who appears to have had little of his own, and to have been under such obligations to Turner, should still talk of marrying his son to Turner's daughter, who is, presumably, heiress to the estate, and that in such a very cocksure manner, as if it were merely a case of a proposal and all else would follow? It is the more strange, since we know that Turner himself was averse to the idea. The daughter told us as much. Do you not deduce something from that?
###
Lestrade: We have got to the deductions and the inferences. I find it hard enough to tackle facts, Holmes, without flying away after theories and fancies.
Holmes: You are right, you do find it very hard to tackle the facts.
Lestrade: Anyhow, I have grasped one fact which you seem to find it difficult to get hold of. That McCarthy senior met his death from McCarthy junior and that all theories to the contrary are the merest moonshine.
Holmes: Well, moonshine is a brighter thing than fog. But I am very much mistaken if this is not Hatherley Farm upon the left.
Holmes: Yes, that is it. It was a widespread, comfortable-looking building, two-storied, slate-roofed, with great yellow blotches of lichen upon the grey walls. The drawn blinds and the smokeless chimneys, however, gave it a stricken look, as though the weight of this horror still lay heavy upon it. We called at the door, when the maid, at Holmes' request, showed us the boots which her master wore at the time of his death, and also a pair of the son's, though not the pair which he had then had. Having measured these very carefully from seven or eight different points, Holmes desired to be led to the court-yard, from which we all followed the winding track which led to Boscombe Pool.
###
Holmes: Sherlock Holmes was transformed when he was hot upon such a scent as this. Men who had only known the quiet thinker and logician of Baker Street would have failed to recognise him. His face flushed and darkened. His brows were drawn into two hard black lines, while his eyes shone out from beneath them with a steely glitter. His face was bent downward, his shoulders bowed, his lips compressed, and the veins stood out like whipcord in his long, sinewy neck. His nostrils seemed to dilate with a purely animal lust for the chase, and his mind was so absolutely concentrated upon the matter before him that a question or remark fell unheeded upon his ears, or, at the most, only provoked a quick, impatient snarl in reply. Swiftly and silently he made his way along the track which ran through the meadows, and so by way of the woods to the Boscombe Pool. It was damp, marshy ground, as is all that district, and there were marks of many feet, both upon the path and amid the short grass which bounded it on either side. Sometimes Holmes would hurry on, sometimes stop dead, and once he made quite a little detour into the meadow. Lestrade and I walked behind him, the detective indifferent and contemptuous, while I watched my friend with the interest which sprang from the conviction that every one of his actions was directed towards a definite end.
###
Holmes: What did you go into the pool for?
Lestrade: I fished about with a rake. I thought there might be some weapon or other trace. But how on earth--
###
Holmes: What did you go into the pool for?
Watson: I fished about with a rake. I thought there might be some weapon or other trace. But how on earth--
Holmes: Oh, tut, tut! I have no time! That left foot of yours with its inward twist is all over the place. A mole could trace it, and there it vanishes among the reeds. Oh, how simple it would all have been had I been here before they came like a herd of buffalo and wallowed all over it. Here is where the party with the lodge-keeper came, and they have covered all tracks for six or eight feet round the body. But here are three separate tracks of the same feet. These are young McCarthy's feet. Twice he was walking, and once he ran swiftly, so that the soles are deeply marked and the heels hardly visible. That bears out his story. He ran when he saw his father on the ground. Then here are the father's feet as he paced up and down. What is this, then? It is the butt-end of the gun as the son stood listening. And this? Ha, ha! What have we here? Tiptoes! tiptoes! Square, too, quite unusual boots! They come, they go, they come again--of course that was for the cloak. Now where did they come from? He ran up and down, sometimes losing, sometimes finding the track until we were well within the edge of the wood and under the shadow of a great beech, the largest tree in the neighbourhood. Holmes traced his way to the farther side of this and lay down once more upon his face with a little cry of satisfaction. For a long time he remained there, turning over the leaves and dried sticks, gathering up what seemed to me to be dust into an envelope and examining with his lens not only the ground but even the bark of the tree as far as he could reach. A jagged stone was lying among the moss, and this also he carefully examined and retained. Then he followed a pathway through the wood until he came to the highroad, where all traces were lost.
###
Holmes: It has been a case of considerable interest. I fancy that this grey house on the right must be the lodge. I think that I will go in and have a word with Moran, and perhaps write a little note. Having done that, we may drive back to our luncheon. You may walk to the cab, and I shall be with you presently.
Holmes: This may interest you, Lestrade. The murder was done with it.
Lestrade: I see no marks.
Holmes: There are none. The grass was growing under it. It had only lain there a few days. There was no sign of a place whence it had been taken. It corresponds with the injuries. There is no sign of any other weapon. And the murderer?
Holmes: Is a tall man, left-handed, limps with the right leg, wears thick-soled shooting-boots and a grey cloak, smokes Indian cigars, uses a cigar-holder, and carries a blunt pen-knife in his pocket. There are several other indications, but these may be enough to aid us in our search.
Lestrade: I am afraid that I am still a sceptic. Theories are all very well, but we have to deal with a hard-headed British jury.
Holmes: Nous verrons. You work your own method, and I shall work mine. I shall be busy this afternoon, and shall probably return to London by the evening train.
Lestrade: And leave your case unfinished?
Holmes: No, finished.
Lestrade: But the mystery?
Holmes: It is solved.
Lestrade: Who was the criminal, then?
Holmes: The gentleman I describe.
Lestrade: But who is he?
Holmes: Surely it would not be difficult to find out. This is not such a populous neighbourhood.
Lestrade: I am a practical man, and I really cannot undertake to go about the country looking for a left-handed gentleman with a game leg. I should become the laughing-stock of Scotland Yard.
###
Lestrade: I am a practical man, and I really cannot undertake to go about the country looking for a left-handed gentleman with a game leg. I should become the laughing-stock of Scotland Yard.
Holmes: All right, I have given you the chance. Here are your lodgings. Good-bye. I shall drop you a line before I leave.
Holmes: Look here, Watson, just sit down in this chair and let me preach to you for a little. I don't know quite what to do, and I should value your advice. Light a cigar and let me expound.
Watson: Pray do so.
Holmes: Well, now, in considering this case there are two points about young McCarthy's narrative which struck us both instantly, although they impressed me in his favour and you against him. One was the fact that his father should, according to his account, cry 'Cooee!' before seeing him. The other was his singular dying reference to a rat. He mumbled several words, you understand, but that was all that caught the son's ear. Now from this double point our research must commence, and we will begin it by presuming that what the lad says is absolutely true.
Watson: What of this 'Cooee!' then?
Holmes: Well, obviously it could not have been meant for the son. The son, as far as he knew, was in Bristol. It was mere chance that he was within earshot. The 'Cooee!' was meant to attract the attention of whoever it was that he had the appointment with. But 'Cooee' is a distinctly Australian cry, and one which is used between Australians. There is a strong presumption that the person whom McCarthy expected to meet him at Boscombe Pool was someone who had been in Australia.
Watson: What of the rat, then?
###
Watson: What of the rat, then?
Holmes: This is a map of the Colony of Victoria. I wired to Bristol for it last night. What do you read?
Watson: ARAT.
Holmes: And now? BALLARAT.
Watson: It is wonderful!
Holmes: It is obvious. And now, you see, I had narrowed the field down considerably. The possession of a grey garment was a third point which, granting the son's statement to be correct, was a certainty. We have come now out of mere vagueness to the definite conception of an Australian from Ballarat with a grey cloak.
Watson: Certainly.
Holmes: Then comes our expedition of to-day. By an examination of the ground I gained the trifling details which I gave to that imbecile Lestrade, as to the personality of the criminal. You know my method. It is founded upon the observation of trifles. His height I know that you might roughly judge from the length of his stride. His boots, too, might be told from their traces. Yes, they were peculiar boots. The impression of his right foot was always less distinct than his left. He put less weight upon it. Why? Because he limped--he was lame.
###
Watson: Yes, they were peculiar boots.
Holmes: But his lameness?
Watson: The impression of his right foot was always less distinct than his left. He put less weight upon it. Why? Because he limped--he was lame.
Holmes: But his lefthandedness.
Watson: You were yourself struck by the nature of the injury as recorded by the surgeon at the inquest. The blow was struck from immediately behind, and yet was upon the left side. Now, how can that be unless it were by a left-handed man? He had stood behind that tree during the interview between the father and son. He had even smoked there. I found the ash of a cigar, which my special knowledge of tobacco ashes enables me to pronounce as an Indian cigar. I have, as you know, devoted some attention to this, and written a little monograph on the ashes of 140 different varieties of pipe, cigar, and cigarette tobacco. Having found the ash, I then looked round and discovered the stump among the moss where he had tossed it. It was an Indian cigar, of the variety which are rolled in Rotterdam.
Holmes: And the cigar holder?
Watson: I could see that the end had not been in his mouth. Therefore he used a holder. The tip had been cut off, not bitten off, but the cut was not a clean one, so I deduced a blunt pen-knife.
Watson: Holmes, you have drawn a net round this man from which he cannot escape, and you have saved an innocent human life as truly as if you had cut the cord which was hanging him. I see the direction in which all this points. The culprit is--
Hotel Waiter: Mr. John Turner
###
Hotel Waiter: Mr. John Turner
Holmes: Pray sit down on the sofa. You had my note?
John Turner: Yes, the lodge-keeper brought it up. You said that you wished to see me here to avoid scandal.
Holmes: I thought people would talk if I went to the Hall.
John Turner: And why did you wish to see me?
Holmes: It is so. I know all about McCarthy.
John Turner: God help me! But I would not have let the young man come to harm. I give you my word that I would have spoken out if it went against him at the Assizes.
Holmes: I am glad to hear you say so.
John Turner: I would have spoken now had it not been for my dear girl. It would break her heart--it will break her heart when she hears that I am arrested.
Holmes: It may not come to that.
John Turner: What?
Holmes: I am no official agent. I understand that it was your daughter who required my presence here, and I am acting in her interests. Young McCarthy must be got off, however.
John Turner: I am a dying man. I have had diabetes for years. My doctor says it is a question whether I shall live a month. Yet I would rather die under my own roof than in a jail.
###
Turner: I am a dying man. I have had diabetes for years. My doctor says it is a question whether I shall live a month. Yet I would rather die under my own roof than in a jail.
Holmes: Just tell us the truth. I shall jot down the facts. You will sign it, and Watson here can witness it. Then I could produce your confession at the last extremity to save young McCarthy. I promise you that I shall not use it unless it is absolutely needed.
Turner: It's as well. It's a question whether I shall live to the Assizes, so it matters little to me, but I should wish to spare Alice the shock. And now I will make the thing clear to you; it has been a long time in the acting, but will not take me long to tell. You didn't know this dead man, McCarthy. He was a devil incarnate. I tell you that. God keep you out of the clutches of such a man as he. His grip has been upon me these twenty years, and he has blasted my life. I'll tell you first how I came to be in his power. It was in the early '60's at the diggings. I was a young chap then, hot-blooded and reckless, ready to turn my hand at anything; I got among bad companions, took to drink, had no luck with my claim, took to the bush, and in a word became what you would call over here a highway robber. There were six of us, and we had a wild, free life of it, sticking up a station from time to time, or stopping the wagons on the road to the diggings. Black Jack of Ballarat was the name I went under, and our party is still remembered in the colony as the Ballarat Gang.
###
Unknown: When I went down there I found him talking with his son, so I smoked a cigar and waited behind a tree until he should be alone. But as I listened to his talk all that was black and bitter in me seemed to come uppermost. He was urging his son to marry my daughter with as little regard for what she might think as if she were a slut from off the streets. It drove me mad to think that I and all that I held most dear should be in the power of such a man as this. Could I not snap the bond? I was already a dying and a desperate man. Though clear of mind and fairly strong of limb, I knew that my own fate was sealed. But my memory and my girl! Both could be saved if I could but silence that foul tongue. I did it, Mr. Holmes. I would do it again. Deeply as I have sinned, I have led a life of martyrdom to atone for it. But that my girl should be entangled in the same meshes which held me was more than I could suffer. I struck him down with no more compunction than if he had been some foul and venomous beast. His cry brought back his son; but I had gained the cover of the wood, though I was forced to go back to fetch the cloak which I had dropped in my flight. That is the true story, gentlemen, of all that occurred.
Holmes: Well, it is not for me to judge you, I pray that we may never be exposed to such a temptation.
Unknown: I pray not, sir. And what do you intend to do?
Holmes: In view of your health, nothing. You are yourself aware that you will soon have to answer for your deed at a higher court than the Assizes. I will keep your confession, and if McCarthy is condemned I shall be forced to use it. If not, it shall never be seen by mortal eye; and your secret, whether you be alive or dead, shall be safe with us.
Unknown: Farewell, then, Your own deathbeds, when they come, will be the easier for the thought of the peace which you have given to mine. Tottering and shaking in all his giant frame, he stumbled slowly from the room.
###
Old man: Farewell, then. Your own deathbeds, when they come, will be the easier for the thought of the peace which you have given to mine.
Holmes: God help us! Why does fate play such tricks with poor, helpless worms? I never hear of such a case as this that I do not think of Baxter's words, and say, 'There, but for the grace of God, goes Sherlock Holmes.'
Narrator: James McCarthy was acquitted at the Assizes on the strength of a number of objections which had been drawn out by Holmes and submitted to the defending counsel. Old Turner lived for seven months after our interview, but he is now dead; and there is every prospect that the son and daughter may come to live happily together in ignorance of the black cloud which rests upon their past.
Holmes: When I glance over my notes and records of the Sherlock Holmes cases between the years '82 and '90, I am faced by so many which present strange and interesting features that it is no easy matter to know which to choose and which to leave. Some, however, have already gained publicity through the papers, and others have not offered a field for those peculiar qualities which my friend possessed in so high a degree, and which it is the object of these papers to illustrate. Some, too, have baffled his analytical skill, and would be, as narratives, beginnings without an ending, while others have been but partially cleared up, and have their explanations founded rather upon conjecture and surmise than on that absolute logical proof which was so dear to him. There is, however, one of these last which was so remarkable in its details and so startling in its results that I am tempted to give some account of it in spite of the fact that there are points in connection with it which never have been, and probably never will be, entirely cleared up.
###
Watson: Why, that was surely the bell. Who could come tonight? Some friend of yours, perhaps?
Holmes: Except yourself I have none. I do not encourage visitors.
Watson: A client, then?
Holmes: If so, it is a serious case. Nothing less would bring a man out on such a day and at such an hour. But I take it that it is more likely to be some crony of the landlady's.
Holmes: Come in!
Client: I owe you an apology. I trust that I am not intruding. I fear that I have brought some traces of the storm and rain into your snug chamber.
Holmes: Give me your coat and umbrella. They may rest here on the hook and will be dry presently. You have come up from the south-west, I see.
Client: Yes, from Horsham.
Holmes: That clay and chalk mixture which I see upon your toe caps is quite distinctive.
Client: I have come for advice.
Holmes: That is easily got.
Client: And help.
Holmes: That is not always so easy.
Client: I have heard of you, Mr. Holmes. I heard from Major Prendergast how you saved him in the Tankerville Club scandal.
Holmes: Ah, of course. He was wrongfully accused of cheating at cards.
Client: He said that you could solve anything.
Holmes: He said too much.
Client: That you are never beaten.
Holmes: I have been beaten four times--three times by men, and once by a woman.
###
Holmes: Ah, of course. He was wrongfully accused of cheating at cards.
Watson: He said that you could solve anything.
Holmes: He said too much.
Watson: That you are never beaten.
Holmes: I have been beaten four times--three times by men, and once by a woman.
Watson: But what is that compared with the number of your successes?
Holmes: It is true that I have been generally successful.
Watson: Then you may be so with me.
Holmes: I beg that you will draw your chair up to the fire and favour me with some details as to your case.
Watson: It is no ordinary one.
Holmes: None of those which come to me are. I am the last court of appeal.
Watson: And yet I question, sir, whether, in all your experience, you have ever listened to a more mysterious and inexplicable chain of events than those which have happened in my own family.
Holmes: You fill me with interest. Pray give us the essential facts from the commencement, and I can afterwards question you as to those details which seem to me to be most important.
John Openshaw: My name is John Openshaw, but my own affairs have, as far as I can understand, little to do with this awful business. It is a hereditary matter; so in order to give you an idea of the facts, I must go back to the commencement of the affair.
John Openshaw: You must know that my grandfather had two sons--my uncle Elias and my father Joseph. My father had a small factory at Coventry, which he enlarged at the time of the invention of bicycling. He was a patentee of the Openshaw unbreakable tire, and his business met with such success that he was able to sell it and to retire upon a handsome competence.
###
Holmes: One moment, your statement is, I foresee, one of the most remarkable to which I have ever listened. Let me have the date of the reception by your uncle of the letter, and the date of his supposed suicide.
Watson: The letter arrived on March 10, 1883. His death was seven weeks later, upon the night of May 2nd.
Holmes: Thank you. Pray proceed.
Watson: When my father took over the Horsham property, he, at my request, made a careful examination of the attic, which had been always locked up. We found the brass box there, although its contents had been destroyed. On the inside of the cover was a paper label, with the initials of K. K. K. repeated upon it, and 'Letters, memoranda, receipts, and a register' written beneath. These, we presume, indicated the nature of the papers which had been destroyed by Colonel Openshaw. For the rest, there was nothing of much importance in the attic save a great many scattered papers and note-books bearing upon my uncle's life in America. Some of them were of the war time and showed that he had done his duty well and had borne the repute of a brave soldier. Others were of a date during the reconstruction of the Southern states, and were mostly concerned with politics, for he had evidently taken a strong part in opposing the carpet-bag politicians who had been sent down from the North.
Watson: Well, it was the beginning of '84 when my father came to live at Horsham, and all went as well as possible with us until the January of '85. On the fourth day after the new year I heard my father give a sharp cry of surprise as we sat together at the breakfast-table. There he was, sitting with a newly opened envelope in one hand and five dried orange pips in the outstretched palm of the other one. He had always laughed at what he called my cock-and-bull story about the colonel, but he looked very scared and puzzled now that the same thing had come upon himself. 'Why, what on earth does this mean, John?' he stammered. My heart had turned to lead. 'It is K. K. K.,' said I.
###
Watson: Why, what on earth does this mean, John?
Holmes: It is K. K. K.
Watson: Put the papers on the sundial.
Holmes: What papers? What sundial?
Watson: The sundial in the garden. There is no other, but the papers must be those that are destroyed.
Holmes: We are in a civilised land here, and we can't have tomfoolery of this kind. Where does the thing come from?
Watson: From Dundee.
Holmes: Some preposterous practical joke. What have I to do with sundials and papers? I shall take no notice of such nonsense.
Watson: I should certainly speak to the police.
Holmes: And be laughed at for my pains. Nothing of the sort.
Watson: Then let me do so?
Holmes: No, I forbid you. I won't have a fuss made about such nonsense.
Watson: It was in vain to argue with him, for he was a very obstinate man. I went about, however, with a heart which was full of forebodings.
###
Narrator: Then let me do so?
Holmes: No, I forbid you. I won't have a fuss made about such nonsense.
Narrator: It was in vain to argue with him, for he was a very obstinate man. I went about, however, with a heart which was full of forebodings.
Narrator: On the third day after the coming of the letter my father went from home to visit an old friend of his, Major Freebody, who is in command of one of the forts upon Portsdown Hill. I was glad that he should go, for it seemed to me that he was farther from danger when he was away from home. In that, however, I was in error. Upon the second day of his absence I received a telegram from the major, imploring me to come at once. My father had fallen over one of the deep chalk-pits which abound in the neighbourhood, and was lying senseless, with a shattered skull. I hurried to him, but he passed away without having ever recovered his consciousness. He had, as it appears, been returning from Fareham in the twilight, and as the country was unknown to him, and the chalk-pit unfenced, the jury had no hesitation in bringing in a verdict of 'death from accidental causes.' Carefully as I examined every fact connected with his death, I was unable to find anything which could suggest the idea of murder. There were no signs of violence, no footmarks, no robbery, no record of strangers having been seen upon the roads. And yet I need not tell you that my mind was far from at ease, and that I was well-nigh certain that some foul plot had been woven round him.
Narrator: In this sinister way I came into my inheritance. You will ask me why I did not dispose of it? I answer, because I was well convinced that our troubles were in some way dependent upon an incident in my uncle's life, and that the danger would be as pressing in one house as in another.
###
Young Man: It was in January, '85, that my poor father met his end, and two years and eight months have elapsed since then. During that time I have lived happily at Horsham, and I had begun to hope that this curse had passed away from the family, and that it had ended with the last generation. I had begun to take comfort too soon, however; yesterday morning the blow fell in the very shape in which it had come upon my father. This is the envelope. The postmark is London--eastern division. Within are the very words which were upon my father's last message: 'K. K. K.'; and then 'Put the papers on the sundial.'
Holmes: What have you done?
Young Man: Nothing.
Holmes: Nothing?
Young Man: To tell the truth, I have felt helpless. I have felt like one of those poor rabbits when the snake is writhing towards it. I seem to be in the grasp of some resistless, inexorable evil, which no foresight and no precautions can guard against.
Holmes: Tut! tut! You must act, man, or you are lost. Nothing but energy can save you. This is no time for despair.
Young Man: I have seen the police.
Holmes: Ah!
Young Man: But they listened to my story with a smile. I am convinced that the inspector has formed the opinion that the letters are all practical jokes, and that the deaths of my relations were really accidents, as the jury stated, and were not to be connected with the warnings.
Holmes: Incredible imbecility!
Young Man: They have, however, allowed me a policeman, who may remain in the house with me.
Holmes: Has he come with you to-night?
Young Man: No. His orders were to stay in the house.
Holmes: Why did you come to me, and, above all, why did you not come at once?
Young Man: I did not know. It was only to-day that I spoke to Major Prendergast about my troubles and was advised by him to come to you.
###
Holmes: Why did you come to me, and, above all, why did you not come at once?
John Openshaw: I did not know. It was only today that I spoke to Major Prendergast about my troubles and was advised by him to come to you.
Holmes: It is really two days since you had the letter. We should have acted before this. You have no further evidence, I suppose, than that which you have placed before us--no suggestive detail which might help us?
John Openshaw: There is one thing. I have some remembrance that on the day when my uncle burned the papers I observed that the small, unburned margins which lay amid the ashes were of this particular colour. I found this single sheet upon the floor of his room, and I am inclined to think that it may be one of the papers which has, perhaps, fluttered out from among the others, and in that way has escaped destruction. Beyond the mention of pips, I do not see that it helps us much. I think myself that it is a page from some private diary. The writing is undoubtedly my uncle's.
Holmes: Thank you! And now you must on no account lose another instant. We cannot spare time even to discuss what you have told me. You must get home instantly and act.
John Openshaw: What shall I do?
###
Holmes: Thank you! And now you must on no account lose another instant. We cannot spare time even to discuss what you have told me. You must get home instantly and act.
Visitor: What shall I do?
Holmes: There is but one thing to do. It must be done at once. You must put this piece of paper which you have shown us into the brass box which you have described. You must also put in a note to say that all the other papers were burned by your uncle, and that this is the only one which remains. You must assert that in such words as will carry conviction with them. Having done this, you must at once put the box out upon the sundial, as directed. Do you understand?
Visitor: Entirely.
Holmes: Do not think of revenge, or anything of the sort, at present. I think that we may gain that by means of the law; but we have our web to weave, while theirs is already woven. The first consideration is to remove the pressing danger which threatens you. The second is to clear up the mystery and to punish the guilty parties.
Visitor: I thank you. You have given me fresh life and hope. I shall certainly do as you advise.
Holmes: Do not lose an instant. And, above all, take care of yourself in the meanwhile, for I do not think that there can be a doubt that you are threatened by a very real and imminent danger. How do you go back?
Visitor: By train from Waterloo.
Holmes: It is not yet nine. The streets will be crowded, so I trust that you may be in safety. And yet you cannot guard yourself too closely.
Visitor: I am armed.
Holmes: That is well. Tomorrow I shall set to work upon your case.
Visitor: I shall see you at Horsham, then?
Holmes: No, your secret lies in London. It is there that I shall seek it.
###
Holmes: I am armed.
Watson: That is well. Tomorrow I shall set to work upon your case.
Watson: I shall see you at Horsham, then?
Holmes: No, your secret lies in London. It is there that I shall seek it.
Watson: Then I shall call upon you in a day, or in two days, with news as to the box and the papers. I shall take your advice in every particular.
Watson: Save, perhaps, the Sign of Four.
Holmes: Well, yes. Save, perhaps, that. And yet this John Openshaw seems to me to be walking amid even greater perils than did the Sholtos.
Watson: But have you formed any definite conception as to what these perils are?
Holmes: There can be no question as to their nature.
Watson: Then what are they? Who is this K. K. K., and why does he pursue this unhappy family?
###
Watson: But have you formed any definite conception as to what these perils are?
Holmes: There can be no question as to their nature.
Watson: Then what are they? Who is this K. K. K., and why does he pursue this unhappy family?
Holmes: The ideal reasoner would, when he had once been shown a single fact in all its bearings, deduce from it not only all the chain of events which led up to it but also all the results which would follow from it. As Cuvier could correctly describe a whole animal by the contemplation of a single bone, so the observer who has thoroughly understood one link in a series of incidents should be able to accurately state all the other ones, both before and after. We have not yet grasped the results which the reason alone can attain to. Problems may be solved in the study which have baffled all those who have sought a solution by the aid of their senses. To carry the art, however, to its highest pitch, it is necessary that the reasoner should be able to utilise all the facts which have come to his knowledge; and this in itself implies, as you will readily see, a possession of all knowledge, which, even in these days of free education and encyclopaedias, is a somewhat rare accomplishment. It is not so impossible, however, that a man should possess all knowledge which is likely to be useful to him in his work, and this I have endeavoured in my case to do. If I remember rightly, you on one occasion, in the early days of our friendship, defined my limits in a very precise fashion.
###
Watson: Yes, it was a singular document. Philosophy, astronomy, and politics were marked at zero, I remember. Botany variable, geology profound as regards the mud-stains from any region within fifty miles of town, chemistry eccentric, anatomy unsystematic, sensational literature and crime records unique, violin-player, boxer, swordsman, lawyer, and self-poisoner by cocaine and tobacco. Those, I think, were the main points of my analysis.
Holmes: Well, I say now, as I said then, that a man should keep his little brain-attic stocked with all the furniture that he is likely to use, and the rest he can put away in the lumber-room of his library, where he can get it if he wants it. Now, for such a case as the one which has been submitted to us to-night, we need certainly to muster all our resources. Kindly hand me down the letter K of the 'American Encyclopaedia' which stands upon the shelf beside you. Thank you. Now let us consider the situation and see what may be deduced from it. In the first place, we may start with a strong presumption that Colonel Openshaw had some very strong reason for leaving America. Men at his time of life do not change all their habits and exchange willingly the charming climate of Florida for the lonely life of an English provincial town. His extreme love of solitude in England suggests the idea that he was in fear of someone or something, so we may assume as a working hypothesis that it was fear of someone or something which drove him from America. As to what it was he feared, we can only deduce that by considering the formidable letters which were received by himself and his successors. Did you remark the postmarks of those letters?
Watson: The first was from Pondicherry, the second from Dundee, and the third from London.
Holmes: From East London. What do you deduce from that?
Watson: They are all seaports. That the writer was on board of a ship.
###
Holmes: From East London. What do you deduce from that?
Watson: They are all seaports. That the writer was on board of a ship.
Holmes: Excellent. We have already a clue. There can be no doubt that the probability--the strong probability--is that the writer was on board of a ship. And now let us consider another point. In the case of Pondicherry, seven weeks elapsed between the threat and its fulfilment, in Dundee it was only some three or four days. Does that suggest anything?
Watson: A greater distance to travel.
Holmes: There is at least a presumption that the vessel in which the man or men are is a sailing-ship. It looks as if they always send their singular warning or token before them when starting upon their mission. You see how quickly the deed followed the sign when it came from Dundee. If they had come from Pondicherry in a steamer they would have arrived almost as soon as their letter. But, as a matter of fact, seven weeks elapsed. I think that those seven weeks represented the difference between the mail-boat which brought the letter and the sailing vessel which brought the writer.
Watson: It is possible.
Holmes: More than that. It is probable. And now you see the deadly urgency of this new case, and why I urged young Openshaw to caution. The blow has always fallen at the end of the time which it would take the senders to travel the distance. But this one comes from London, and therefore we cannot count upon delay.
Watson: Good God! What can it mean, this relentless persecution?
###
Watson: Good God! What can it mean, this relentless persecution?
Holmes: The papers which Openshaw carried are obviously of vital importance to the person or persons in the sailing-ship. I think that it is quite clear that there must be more than one of them. A single man could not have carried out two deaths in such a way as to deceive a coroner's jury. There must have been several in it, and they must have been men of resource and determination. Their papers they mean to have, be the holder of them who it may. In this way you see K. K. K. ceases to be the initials of an individual and becomes the badge of a society.
Watson: But of what society?
Holmes: Have you never-- have you never heard of the Ku Klux Klan?
Watson: I never have.
###
Holmes: But of what society?
Watson: Have you never heard of the Ku Klux Klan?
Holmes: I never have.
Holmes: 'Ku Klux Klan. A name derived from the fanciful resemblance to the sound produced by cocking a rifle. This terrible secret society was formed by some ex-Confederate soldiers in the Southern states after the Civil War, and it rapidly formed local branches in different parts of the country, notably in Tennessee, Louisiana, the Carolinas, Georgia, and Florida. Its power was used for political purposes, principally for the terrorising of the negro voters and the murdering and driving from the country of those who were opposed to its views. Its outrages were usually preceded by a warning sent to the marked man in some fantastic but generally recognised shape--a sprig of oak-leaves in some parts, melon seeds or orange pips in others. On receiving this the victim might either openly abjure his former ways, or might fly from the country. If he braved the matter out, death would unfailingly come upon him, and usually in some strange and unforeseen manner. So perfect was the organisation of the society, and so systematic its methods, that there is hardly a case upon record where any man succeeded in braving it with impunity, or in which any of its outrages were traced home to the perpetrators. For some years the organisation flourished in spite of the efforts of the United States government and of the better classes of the community in the South. Eventually, in the year 1869, the movement rather suddenly collapsed, although there have been sporadic outbreaks of the same sort since that date.
###
Holmes: You will observe that the sudden breaking up of the society was coincident with the disappearance of Openshaw from America with their papers. It may well have been cause and effect. It is no wonder that he and his family have some of the more implacable spirits upon their track. You can understand that this register and diary may implicate some of the first men in the South, and that there may be many who will not sleep easy at night until it is recovered.
Watson: Then the page we have seen--
Holmes: Is such as we might expect. It ran, if I remember right, 'sent the pips to A, B, and C'--that is, sent the society's warning to them. Then there are successive entries that A and B cleared, or left the country, and finally that C was visited, with, I fear, a sinister result for C. Well, I think, Doctor, that we may let some light into this dark place, and I believe that the only chance young Openshaw has in the meantime is to do what I have told him. There is nothing more to be said or to be done to-night, so hand me over my violin and let us try to forget for half an hour the miserable weather and the still more miserable ways of our fellow-men.
Holmes: You will excuse me for not waiting for you, I have, I foresee, a very busy day before me in looking into this case of young Openshaw's.
Watson: What steps will you take?
Holmes: It will very much depend upon the results of my first inquiries. I may have to go down to Horsham, after all.
Watson: You will not go there first?
Holmes: No, I shall commence with the City. Just ring the bell and the maid will bring up your coffee.
###
Watson: It will very much depend upon the results of my first inquiries. I may have to go down to Horsham, after all.
Holmes: You will not go there first?
Watson: No, I shall commence with the City. Just ring the bell and the maid will bring up your coffee.
Watson: Holmes, you are too late.
Holmes: Ah! I feared as much. How was it done?
Watson: My eye caught the name of Openshaw, and the heading 'Tragedy Near Waterloo Bridge.' Here is the account: Between nine and ten last night Police-Constable Cook, of the H Division, on duty near Waterloo Bridge, heard a cry for help and a splash in the water. The night, however, was extremely dark and stormy, so that, in spite of the help of several passers-by, it was quite impossible to effect a rescue. The alarm, however, was given, and, by the aid of the water-police, the body was eventually recovered. It proved to be that of a young gentleman whose name, as it appears from an envelope which was found in his pocket, was John Openshaw, and whose residence is near Horsham. It is conjectured that he may have been hurrying down to catch the last train from Waterloo Station, and that in his haste and the extreme darkness he missed his path and walked over the edge of one of the small landing-places for river steamboats. The body exhibited no traces of violence, and there can be no doubt that the deceased had been the victim of an unfortunate accident, which should have the effect of calling the attention of the authorities to the condition of the riverside landing-stages.
Watson: We sat in silence for some minutes, Holmes more depressed and shaken than I had ever seen him.
###
Holmes: That hurts my pride, Watson. It is a petty feeling, no doubt, but it hurts my pride. It becomes a personal matter with me now, and, if God sends me health, I shall set my hand upon this gang. That he should come to me for help, and that I should send him away to his death--!
Holmes: They must be cunning devils. How could they have decoyed him down there? The Embankment is not on the direct line to the station. The bridge, no doubt, was too crowded, even on such a night, for their purpose. Well, Watson, we shall see who will win in the long run. I am going out now!
Watson: To the police?
Holmes: No, I shall be my own police. When I have spun the web they may take the flies, but not before.
Watson: You are hungry.
Holmes: Starving. It had escaped my memory. I have had nothing since breakfast.
Watson: Nothing?
Holmes: Not a bite. I had no time to think of it.
Watson: And how have you succeeded?
Holmes: Well.
Watson: You have a clue?
Holmes: I have them in the hollow of my hand. Young Openshaw shall not long remain unavenged. Why, Watson, let us put their own devilish trade-mark upon them. It is well thought of!
Watson: What do you mean?
###
Watson: And how have you succeeded?
Holmes: Well.
Watson: You have a clue?
Holmes: I have them in the hollow of my hand. Young Openshaw shall not long remain unavenged. Why, Watson, let us put their own devilish trade-mark upon them. It is well thought of!
Watson: What do you mean?
Holmes: That will await him when he enters port. It may give him a sleepless night. He will find it as sure a precursor of his fate as Openshaw did before him.
Watson: And who is this Captain Calhoun?
Holmes: The leader of the gang. I shall have the others, but he first.
Watson: How did you trace it, then?
Holmes: I have spent the whole day over Lloyd's registers and files of the old papers, following the future career of every vessel which touched at Pondicherry in January and February in '83. There were thirty-six ships of fair tonnage which were reported there during those months. Of these, one, the Lone Star, instantly attracted my attention, since, although it was reported as having cleared from London, the name is that which is given to one of the states of the Union. I was not and am not sure which; but I knew that the ship must have an American origin. I searched the Dundee records, and when I found that the barque Lone Star was there in January, '85, my suspicion became a certainty. I then inquired as to the vessels which lay at present in the port of London.
###
Holmes: What then?
Watson: I searched the Dundee records, and when I found that the barque Lone Star was there in January, '85, my suspicion became a certainty. I then inquired as to the vessels which lay at present in the port of London.
Holmes: Yes?
Watson: The Lone Star had arrived here last week. I went down to the Albert Dock and found that she had been taken down the river by the early tide this morning, homeward bound to Savannah. I wired to Gravesend and learned that she had passed some time ago, and as the wind is easterly I have no doubt that she is now past the Goodwins and not very far from the Isle of Wight.
Holmes: What will you do, then?
Watson: Oh, I have my hand upon him. He and the two mates, are as I learn, the only native-born Americans in the ship. The others are Finns and Germans. I know, also, that they were all three away from the ship last night. I had it from the stevedore who has been loading their cargo. By the time that their sailing-ship reaches Savannah the mail-boat will have carried this letter, and the cable will have informed the police of Savannah that these three gentlemen are badly wanted here upon a charge of murder.
###
Watson: Yes, I have one waiting.
Holmes: Then I shall go in it. But I must owe something. Find what I owe, Watson. I am all off colour. I can do nothing for myself.
Watson: Holmes! what on earth are you doing in this den?
Holmes: As low as you can, I have excellent ears. If you would have the great kindness to get rid of that sottish friend of yours I should be exceedingly glad to have a little talk with you.
Watson: I have a cab outside.
Holmes: Then pray send him home in it. You may safely trust him, for he appears to be too limp to get into any mischief. I should recommend you also to send a note by the cabman to your wife to say that you have thrown in your lot with me. If you will wait outside, I shall be with you in five minutes.
###
Watson: I suppose, Watson, that you imagine that I have added opium-smoking to cocaine injections, and all the other little weaknesses on which you have favoured me with your medical views.
Watson: I was certainly surprised to find you there.
Holmes: But not more so than I to find you.
Watson: I came to find a friend.
Holmes: And I to find an enemy.
Watson: An enemy?
Holmes: Yes; one of my natural enemies, or, shall I say, my natural prey. Briefly, Watson, I am in the midst of a very remarkable inquiry, and I have hoped to find a clue in the incoherent ramblings of these sots, as I have done before now. Had I been recognised in that den my life would not have been worth an hour's purchase; for I have used it before now for my own purposes, and the rascally Lascar who runs it has sworn to have vengeance upon me. There is a trap-door at the back of that building, near the corner of Paul's Wharf, which could tell some strange tales of what has passed through it upon the moonless nights.
Watson: What! You do not mean bodies?
###
Watson: What! You do not mean bodies?
Holmes: Ay, bodies, Watson. We should be rich men if we had 1000 for every poor devil who has been done to death in that den. It is the vilest murder-trap on the whole riverside, and I fear that Neville St. Clair has entered it never to leave it more. But our trap should be here.
Holmes: Now, Watson, You'll come with me, won't you?
Watson: If I can be of use.
Holmes: Oh, a trusty comrade is always of use; and a chronicler still more so. My room at The Cedars is a double-bedded one.
Watson: The Cedars?
Holmes: Yes; that is Mr. St. Clair's house. I am staying there while I conduct the inquiry.
Watson: Where is it, then?
Holmes: Near Lee, in Kent. We have a seven-mile drive before us.
Watson: But I am all in the dark.
Holmes: Of course you are. You'll know all about it presently. Jump up here. All right, John; we shall not need you. Here's half a crown. Look out for me tomorrow, about eleven. Give her her head. So long, then!
###
Watson: But I am all in the dark.
Holmes: Of course you are. You'll know all about it presently. Jump up here. All right, John; we shall not need you. Here's half a crown. Look out for me tomorrow, about eleven. Give her her head. So long, then!
Holmes: You have a grand gift of silence, Watson. It makes you quite invaluable as a companion. 'Pon my word, it is a great thing for me to have someone to talk to, for my own thoughts are not over-pleasant. I was wondering what I should say to this dear little woman tonight when she meets me at the door.
Watson: You forget that I know nothing about it.
Holmes: I shall just have time to tell you the facts of the case before we get to Lee. It seems absurdly simple, and yet, somehow I can get nothing to go upon. There's plenty of thread, no doubt, but I can't get the end of it into my hand. Now, I'll state the case clearly and concisely to you, Watson, and maybe you can see a spark where all is dark to me.
###
Holmes: Proceed, then.
Watson: Some years ago--to be definite, in May, 1884--there came to Lee a gentleman, Neville St. Clair by name, who appeared to have plenty of money. He took a large villa, laid out the grounds very nicely, and lived generally in good style. By degrees he made friends in the neighbourhood, and in 1887 he married the daughter of a local brewer, by whom he now has two children. He had no occupation, but was interested in several companies and went into town as a rule in the morning, returning by the 5.14 from Cannon Street every night. Mr. St. Clair is now thirty-seven years of age, is a man of temperate habits, a good husband, a very affectionate father, and a man who is popular with all who know him. I may add that his whole debts at the present moment, as far as we have been able to ascertain, amount to 88 10s., while he has 220 standing to his credit in the Capital and Counties Bank. There is no reason, therefore, to think that money troubles have been weighing upon his mind. Last Monday Mr. Neville St. Clair went into town rather earlier than usual, remarking before he started that he had two important commissions to perform, and that he would bring his little boy home a box of bricks. Now, by the merest chance, his wife received a telegram upon this same Monday, very shortly after his departure, to the effect that a small parcel of considerable value which she had been expecting was waiting for her at the offices of the Aberdeen Shipping Company. Now, if you are well up in your London, you will know that the office of the company is in Fresno Street, which branches out of Upper Swandam Lane, where you found me to-night. Mrs. St. Clair had her lunch, started for the City, did some shopping, proceeded to the company's office, got her packet, and found herself at exactly 4.35 walking through Swandam Lane on her way back to the station. Have you followed me so far?
Watson: It is very clear.
###
Watson: It is very clear.
Holmes: If you remember, Monday was an exceedingly hot day, and Mrs. St. Clair walked slowly, glancing about in the hope of seeing a cab, as she did not like the neighbourhood in which she found herself. While she was walking in this way down Swandam Lane, she suddenly heard an ejaculation or cry, and was struck cold to see her husband looking down at her and, as it seemed to her, beckoning to her from a second-floor window. The window was open, and she distinctly saw his face, which she describes as being terribly agitated. He waved his hands frantically to her, and then vanished from the window so suddenly that it seemed to her that he had been plucked back by some irresistible force from behind. One singular point which struck her quick feminine eye was that although he wore some dark coat, such as he had started to town in, he had on neither collar nor necktie.
###
Watson: But a cripple! What could he have done single-handed against a man in the prime of life?
Holmes: He is a cripple in the sense that he walks with a limp; but in other respects he appears to be a powerful and well-nurtured man. Surely your medical experience would tell you, Watson, that weakness in one limb is often compensated for by exceptional strength in the others.
Watson: Pray continue your narrative.
Holmes: Mrs. St. Clair had fainted at the sight of the blood upon the window, and she was escorted home in a cab by the police, as her presence could be of no help to them in their investigations. Inspector Barton, who had charge of the case, made a very careful examination of the premises, but without finding anything which threw any light upon the matter. One mistake had been made in not arresting Boone instantly, as he was allowed some few minutes during which he might have communicated with his friend the Lascar, but this fault was soon remedied, and he was seized and searched, without anything being found which could incriminate him. There were, it is true, some blood-stains upon his right shirt-sleeve, but he pointed to his ring-finger, which had been cut near the nail, and explained that the bleeding came from there, adding that he had been to the window not long before, and that the stains which had been observed there came doubtless from the same source. He denied strenuously having ever seen Mr. Neville St. Clair and swore that the presence of the clothes in his room was as much a mystery to him as to the police. As to Mrs. St. Clair's assertion that she had actually seen her husband at the window, he declared that she must have been either mad or dreaming. He was removed, loudly protesting, to the police-station, while the inspector remained upon the premises in the hope that the ebbing tide might afford some fresh clue.
###
Watson: And it did, though they hardly found upon the mud-bank what they had feared to find. It was Neville St. Clair's coat, and not Neville St. Clair, which lay uncovered as the tide receded. And what do you think they found in the pockets?
Holmes: I cannot imagine.
Watson: No, I don't think you would guess. Every pocket stuffed with pennies and half-pennies--421 pennies and 270 half-pennies. It was no wonder that it had not been swept away by the tide. But a human body is a different matter. There is a fierce eddy between the wharf and the house. It seemed likely enough that the weighted coat had remained when the stripped body had been sucked away into the river.
Holmes: But I understand that all the other clothes were found in the room. Would the body be dressed in a coat alone?
Watson: No, sir, but the facts might be met speciously enough. Suppose that this man Boone had thrust Neville St. Clair through the window, there is no human eye which could have seen the deed. What would he do then? It would of course instantly strike him that he must get rid of the tell-tale garments. He would seize the coat, then, and be in the act of throwing it out, when it would occur to him that it would swim and not sink. He has little time, for he has heard the scuffle downstairs when the wife tried to force her way up, and perhaps he has already heard from his Lascar confederate that the police are hurrying up the street. There is not an instant to be lost. He rushes to some secret hoard, where he has accumulated the fruits of his beggary, and he stuffs all the coins upon which he can lay his hands into the pockets to make sure of the coat's sinking. He throws it out, and would have done the same with the other garments had not he heard the rush of steps below, and only just had time to close the window when the police appeared.
Watson: It certainly sounds feasible.
###
Holmes: It certainly sounds feasible.
Holmes: Well, we will take it as a working hypothesis for want of a better. Boone, as I have told you, was arrested and taken to the station, but it could not be shown that there had ever before been anything against him. He had for years been known as a professional beggar, but his life appeared to have been a very quiet and innocent one. There the matter stands at present, and the questions which have to be solved--what Neville St. Clair was doing in the opium den, what happened to him when there, where is he now, and what Hugh Boone had to do with his disappearance--are all as far from a solution as ever. I confess that I cannot recall any case within my experience which looked at the first glance so simple and yet which presented such difficulties.
Holmes: We are on the outskirts of Lee. We have touched on three English counties in our short drive, starting in Middlesex, passing over an angle of Surrey, and ending in Kent. See that light among the trees? That is The Cedars, and beside that lamp sits a woman whose anxious ears have already, I have little doubt, caught the clink of our horse's feet.
Watson: But why are you not conducting the case from Baker Street?
Holmes: Because there are many inquiries which must be made out here. Mrs. St. Clair has most kindly put two rooms at my disposal, and you may rest assured that she will have nothing but a welcome for my friend and colleague. I hate to meet her, Watson, when I have no news of her husband. Here we are. Whoa, there, whoa!
###
Watson: We had pulled up in front of a large villa which stood within its own grounds. A stable-boy had run out to the horse's head, and springing down, I followed Holmes up the small, winding gravel-drive which led to the house. As we approached, the door flew open, and a little blonde woman stood in the opening, clad in some sort of light mousseline de soie, with a touch of fluffy pink chiffon at her neck and wrists. She stood with her figure outlined against the flood of light, one hand upon the door, one half-raised in her eagerness, her body slightly bent, her head and face protruded, with eager eyes and parted lips, a standing question.
Woman: Well? she cried, "well?" And then, seeing that there were two of us, she gave a cry of hope which sank into a groan as she saw that my companion shook his head and shrugged his shoulders.
Woman: No good news?
Holmes: None.
Woman: No bad?
Holmes: No.
Woman: Thank God for that. But come in. You must be weary, for you have had a long day.
Holmes: This is my friend, Dr. Watson. He has been of most vital use to me in several of my cases, and a lucky chance has made it possible for me to bring him out and associate him with this investigation.
Woman: I am delighted to see you, said she, pressing my hand warmly. "You will, I am sure, forgive anything that may be wanting in our arrangements, when you consider the blow which has come so suddenly upon us."
Watson: My dear madam, said I, "I am an old campaigner, and if I were not I can very well see that no apology is needed. If I can be of any assistance, either to you or to my friend here, I shall be indeed happy."
Woman: Now, Mr. Sherlock Holmes, said the lady as we entered a well-lit dining-room, upon the table of which a cold supper had been laid out, "I should very much like to ask you one or two plain questions, to which I beg that you will give a plain answer."
Holmes: Certainly, madam.
Woman: Do not trouble about my feelings. I am not hysterical, nor given to fainting. I simply wish to hear your real, real opinion.
Woman: Upon what point?
###
Holmes: Certainly, madam.
Lady: Do not trouble about my feelings. I am not hysterical, nor given to fainting. I simply wish to hear your real, real opinion.
Holmes: Upon what point?
Lady: In your heart of hearts, do you think that Neville is alive?
Holmes: Frankly, then, madam, I do not.
Lady: You think that he is dead?
Holmes: I do.
Lady: Murdered?
Holmes: I don't say that. Perhaps.
Lady: And on what day did he meet his death?
Holmes: On Monday.
Lady: Then perhaps, Mr. Holmes, you will be good enough to explain how it is that I have received a letter from him today.
Holmes: What!
Lady: Yes, today. May I see it?
Holmes: Certainly.
Lady: I perceive also that whoever addressed the envelope had to go and inquire as to the address.
Holmes: How can you tell that?
###
Holmes: Coarse writing. Surely this is not your husband's writing, madam.
Lady St. Clair: No, but the enclosure is.
Holmes: I perceive also that whoever addressed the envelope had to go and inquire as to the address.
Lady St. Clair: How can you tell that?
Holmes: The name, you see, is in perfectly black ink, which has dried itself. The rest is of the greyish colour, which shows that blotting-paper has been used. If it had been written straight off, and then blotted, none would be of a deep black shade. This man has written the name, and there has then been a pause before he wrote the address, which can only mean that he was not familiar with it. It is, of course, a trifle, but there is nothing so important as trifles. Let us now see the letter. Ha! there has been an enclosure here!
Lady St. Clair: Yes, there was a ring. His signet-ring.
Holmes: And you are sure that this is your husband's hand?
Lady St. Clair: One of his hands.
Holmes: One?
Lady St. Clair: His hand when he wrote hurriedly. It is very unlike his usual writing, and yet I know it well.
Holmes: Dearest do not be frightened. All will come well. There is a huge error which it may take some little time to rectify. Wait in patience. "Neville. Written in pencil upon the fly-leaf of a book, octavo size, no water-mark. Hum! Posted to-day in Gravesend by a man with a dirty thumb. Ha! And the flap has been gummed, if I am not very much in error, by a person who had been chewing tobacco. And you have no doubt that it is your husband's hand, madam?
Lady St. Clair: None. Neville wrote those words.
Holmes: And they were posted to-day at Gravesend. Well, Mrs. St. Clair, the clouds lighten, though I should not venture to say that the danger is over.
Lady St. Clair: But he must be alive, Mr. Holmes.
Holmes: Unless this is a clever forgery to put us on the wrong scent. The ring, after all, proves nothing. It may have been taken from him.
Lady St. Clair: No, no; it is, it is his very own writing!
Holmes: Very well. It may, however, have been written on Monday and only posted to-day.
Lady St. Clair: That is possible.
Holmes: If so, much may have happened between.
###
Watson: No, no; it is, it is his very own writing!
Holmes: Very well. It may, however, have been written on Monday and only posted today.
Watson: That is possible.
Holmes: If so, much may have happened between.
Watson: Oh, you must not discourage me, Mr. Holmes. I know that all is well with him. There is so keen a sympathy between us that I should know if evil came upon him. On the very day that I saw him last he cut himself in the bedroom, and yet I in the dining-room rushed upstairs instantly with the utmost certainty that something had happened. Do you think that I would respond to such a trifle and yet be ignorant of his death?
Holmes: I have seen too much not to know that the impression of a woman may be more valuable than the conclusion of an analytical reasoner. And in this letter you certainly have a very strong piece of evidence to corroborate your view. But if your husband is alive and able to write letters, why should he remain away from you?
Watson: I cannot imagine. It is unthinkable.
Holmes: And on Monday he made no remarks before leaving you?
Watson: No.
Holmes: And you were surprised to see him in Swandam Lane?
Watson: Very much so.
Holmes: Was the window open?
Watson: Yes.
Holmes: Then he might have called to you?
Watson: He might.
Holmes: He only, as I understand, gave an inarticulate cry?
Watson: Yes.
Holmes: A call for help, you thought?
Watson: Yes. He waved his hands.
Holmes: But it might have been a cry of surprise. Astonishment at the unexpected sight of you might cause him to throw up his hands?
Watson: It is possible.
Holmes: And you thought he was pulled back?
Watson: He disappeared so suddenly.
Holmes: He might have leaped back. You did not see anyone else in the room?
Watson: No, but this horrible man confessed to having been there, and the Lascar was at the foot of the stairs.
Holmes: Quite so. Your husband, as far as you could see, had his ordinary clothes on?
Watson: But without his collar or tie. I distinctly saw his bare throat.
Holmes: Had he ever spoken of Swandam Lane?
Watson: Never.
Holmes: Had he ever showed any signs of having taken opium?
Watson: Never.
###
Watson: But without his collar or tie. I distinctly saw his bare throat.
Holmes: Had he ever spoken of Swandam Lane?
Watson: Never.
Holmes: Had he ever showed any signs of having taken opium?
Watson: Never.
Holmes: Thank you, Mrs. St. Clair. Those are the principal points about which I wished to be absolutely clear. We shall now have a little supper and then retire, for we may have a very busy day tomorrow.
Watson: Awake, Holmes?
Holmes: Yes.
Watson: Game for a morning drive?
Holmes: Certainly.
###
Holmes: Awake, Watson?
Watson: Yes.
Holmes: Game for a morning drive?
Watson: Certainly.
Holmes: Then dress. No one is stirring yet, but I know where the stable-boy sleeps, and we shall soon have the trap out.
Holmes: I want to test a little theory of mine, I think, Watson, that you are now standing in the presence of one of the most absolute fools in Europe. I deserve to be kicked from here to Charing Cross. But I think I have the key of the affair now.
Watson: And where is it?
Holmes: In the bathroom. Oh, yes, I am not joking, I have just been there, and I have taken it out, and I have got it in this Gladstone bag. Come on, my boy, and we shall see whether it will not fit the lock.
Holmes: It has been in some points a singular case, I confess that I have been as blind as a mole, but it is better to learn wisdom late than never to learn it at all.
###
Holmes: It has been in some points a singular case. I confess that I have been as blind as a mole, but it is better to learn wisdom late than never to learn it at all.
Holmes: Who is on duty?
Constable: Inspector Bradstreet, sir.
Holmes: Ah, Bradstreet, how are you? I wish to have a quiet word with you, Bradstreet.
Bradstreet: What can I do for you, Mr. Holmes?
Holmes: I called about that beggarman, Boone--the one who was charged with being concerned in the disappearance of Mr. Neville St. Clair, of Lee.
Bradstreet: Yes. He was brought up and remanded for further inquiries.
Holmes: Is he quiet?
Bradstreet: Oh, he gives no trouble. But he is a dirty scoundrel.
Holmes: Dirty?
Bradstreet: Yes, it is all we can do to make him wash his hands, and his face is as black as a tinker's. Well, when once his case has been settled, he will have a regular prison bath; and I think, if you saw him, you would agree with me that he needed it.
Holmes: I should like to see him very much.
###
Holmes: I should like to see him very much.
Inspector: Would you? That is easily done. Come this way. You can leave your bag.
Holmes: No, I think that I'll take it.
Inspector: Very good. Come this way, if you please. The third on the right is his. Here it is! He is asleep. You can see him very well.
Holmes: He's a beauty, isn't he?
Inspector: He certainly needs a wash. I had an idea that he might, and I took the liberty of bringing the tools with me. Now, if you will have the great goodness to open that door very quietly, we will soon make him cut a much more respectable figure.
###
Inspector: He! he! You are a funny one.
Inspector: Now, if you will have the great goodness to open that door very quietly, we will soon make him cut a much more respectable figure.
Inspector: Well, I don't know why not. He doesn't look a credit to the Bow Street cells, does he?
Holmes: Let me introduce you to Mr. Neville St. Clair, of Lee, in the county of Kent.
Holmes: Great heavens! it is, indeed, the missing man. I know him from the photograph.
Prisoner: Be it so. And pray what am I charged with?
Inspector: With making away with Mr. Neville St.--Oh, come, you can't be charged with that unless they make a case of attempted suicide of it. Well, I have been twenty-seven years in the force, but this really takes the cake.
Holmes: If I am Mr. Neville St. Clair, then it is obvious that no crime has been committed, and that, therefore, I am illegally detained.
Holmes: No crime, but a very great error has been committed. You would have done better to have trusted your wife.
###
Holmes: If I am Mr. Neville St. Clair, then it is obvious that no crime has been committed, and that, therefore, I am illegally detained.
Holmes: No crime, but a very great error has been committed. You would have done better to have trusted your wife.
Prisoner: It was not the wife; it was the children. God help me, I would not have them ashamed of their father. My God! What an exposure! What can I do?
Holmes: If you leave it to a court of law to clear the matter up, of course you can hardly avoid publicity. On the other hand, if you convince the police authorities that there is no possible case against you, I do not know that there is any reason that the details should find their way into the papers. Inspector Bradstreet would, I am sure, make notes upon anything which you might tell us and submit it to the proper authorities. The case would then never go into court at all.
Prisoner: God bless you! I would have endured imprisonment, ay, even execution, rather than have left my miserable secret as a family blot to my children.
###
Holmes: Well, you can imagine how hard it was to settle down to arduous work at 2 a week when I knew that I could earn as much in a day by smearing my face with a little paint, laying my cap on the ground, and sitting still. It was a long fight between my pride and the money, but the dollars won at last, and I threw up reporting and sat day after day in the corner which I had first chosen, inspiring pity by my ghastly face and filling my pockets with coppers. Only one man knew my secret. He was the keeper of a low den in which I used to lodge in Swandam Lane, where I could every morning emerge as a squalid beggar and in the evenings transform myself into a well-dressed man about town. This fellow, a Lascar, was well paid by me for his rooms, so that I knew that my secret was safe in his possession.
Holmes: Well, very soon I found that I was saving considerable sums of money. I do not mean that any beggar in the streets of London could earn 700 a year--which is less than my average takings--but I had exceptional advantages in my power of making up, and also in a facility of repartee, which improved by practice and made me quite a recognised character in the City. All day a stream of pennies, varied by silver, poured in upon me, and it was a very bad day in which I failed to take 2.
Holmes: As I grew richer I grew more ambitious, took a house in the country, and eventually married, without anyone having a suspicion as to my real occupation. My dear wife knew that I had business in the City. She little knew what.
###
Mr. Neville St. Clair: As I grew richer I grew more ambitious, took a house in the country, and eventually married, without anyone having a suspicion as to my real occupation. My dear wife knew that I had business in the City. She little knew what. Last Monday I had finished for the day and was dressing in my room above the opium den when I looked out of my window and saw, to my horror and astonishment, that my wife was standing in the street, with her eyes fixed full upon me. I gave a cry of surprise, threw up my arms to cover my face, and, rushing to my confidant, the Lascar, entreated him to prevent anyone from coming up to me. I heard her voice downstairs, but I knew that she could not ascend. Swiftly I threw off my clothes, pulled on those of a beggar, and put on my pigments and wig. Even a wife's eyes could not pierce so complete a disguise. But then it occurred to me that there might be a search in the room, and that the clothes might betray me. I threw open the window, reopening by my violence a small cut which I had inflicted upon myself in the bedroom that morning. Then I seized my coat, which was weighted by the coppers which I had just transferred to it from the leather bag in which I carried my takings. I hurled it out of the window, and it disappeared into the Thames. The other clothes would have followed, but at that moment there was a rush of constables up the stair, and a few minutes after I found, rather, I confess, to my relief, that instead of being identified as Mr. Neville St. Clair, I was arrested as his murderer. I do not know that there is anything else for me to explain. I was determined to preserve my disguise as long as possible, and hence my preference for a dirty face. Knowing that my wife would be terribly anxious, I slipped off my ring and confided it to the Lascar at a moment when no constable was watching me, together with a hurried scrawl, telling her that she had no cause to fear.
Holmes: That note only reached her yesterday.
Mr. Neville St. Clair: Good God! What a week she must have spent!
###
Holmes: That note only reached her yesterday.
Watson: Good God! What a week she must have spent!
Bradstreet: The police have watched this Lascar, and I can quite understand that he might find it difficult to post a letter unobserved. Probably he handed it to some sailor customer of his, who forgot all about it for some days.
Holmes: That was it, I have no doubt of it. But have you never been prosecuted for begging?
Bradstreet: Many times; but what was a fine to me?
Bradstreet: It must stop here, however. If the police are to hush this thing up, there must be no more of Hugh Boone.
Holmes: I have sworn it by the most solemn oaths which a man can take.
Bradstreet: In that case I think that it is probable that no further steps may be taken. But if you are found again, then all must come out. I am sure, Mr. Holmes, that we are very much indebted to you for having cleared the matter up. I wish I knew how you reach your results.
Holmes: I reached this one by sitting upon five pillows and consuming an ounce of shag. I think, Watson, that if we drive to Baker Street we shall just be in time for breakfast.
Watson: You are engaged, perhaps I interrupt you.
###
Watson: You are engaged, perhaps I interrupt you.
Holmes: Not at all. I am glad to have a friend with whom I can discuss my results. The matter is a perfectly trivial one, but there are points in connection with it which are not entirely devoid of interest and even of instruction.
Watson: I suppose that, homely as it looks, this thing has some deadly story linked on to it--that it is the clue which will guide you in the solution of some mystery and the punishment of some crime.
Holmes: No, no. No crime, Only one of those whimsical little incidents which will happen when you have four million human beings all jostling each other within the space of a few square miles. Amid the action and reaction of so dense a swarm of humanity, every possible combination of events may be expected to take place, and many a little problem will be presented which may be striking and bizarre without being criminal. We have already had experience of such.
Watson: So much so, that of the last six cases which I have added to my notes, three have been entirely free of any legal crime.
Holmes: Precisely. You allude to my attempt to recover the Irene Adler papers, to the singular case of Miss Mary Sutherland, and to the adventure of the man with the twisted lip. Well, I have no doubt that this small matter will fall into the same innocent category. You know Peterson, the commissionaire?
Watson: Yes.
Holmes: It is to him that this trophy belongs.
Watson: It is his hat.
###
Watson: Yes.
Holmes: It is to him that this trophy belongs.
Holmes: It is his hat.
Watson: No, no, he found it. Its owner is unknown. I beg that you will look upon it not as a battered billycock but as an intellectual problem. And, first, as to how it came here. It arrived upon Christmas morning, in company with a good fat goose, which is, I have no doubt, roasting at this moment in front of Peterson's fire. The facts are these: about four o'clock on Christmas morning, Peterson, who, as you know, is a very honest fellow, was returning from some small jollification and was making his way homeward down Tottenham Court Road. In front of him he saw, in the gaslight, a tallish man, walking with a slight stagger, and carrying a white goose slung over his shoulder. As he reached the corner of Goodge Street, a row broke out between this stranger and a little knot of roughs. One of the latter knocked off the man's hat, on which he raised his stick to defend himself and, swinging it over his head, smashed the shop window behind him. Peterson had rushed forward to protect the stranger from his assailants; but the man, shocked at having broken the window, and seeing an official-looking person in uniform rushing towards him, dropped his goose, took to his heels, and vanished amid the labyrinth of small streets which lie at the back of Tottenham Court Road. The roughs had also fled at the appearance of Peterson, so that he was left in possession of the field of battle, and also of the spoils of victory in the shape of this battered hat and a most unimpeachable Christmas goose.
Watson: Which surely he restored to their owner?
Holmes: My dear fellow, there lies the problem. It is true that 'For Mrs. Henry Baker' was printed upon a small card which was tied to the bird's left leg, and it is also true that the initials 'H. B.' are legible upon the lining of this hat, but as there are some thousands of Bakers, and some hundreds of Henry Bakers in this city of ours, it is not easy to restore lost property to any one of them.
Watson: What, then, did Peterson do?
###
Watson: What, then, did Peterson do?
Holmes: He brought round both hat and goose to me on Christmas morning, knowing that even the smallest problems are of interest to me. The goose we retained until this morning, when there were signs that, in spite of the slight frost, it would be well that it should be eaten without unnecessary delay. Its finder has carried it off, therefore, to fulfil the ultimate destiny of a goose, while I continue to retain the hat of the unknown gentleman who lost his Christmas dinner.
Watson: Did he not advertise?
Holmes: No.
Watson: Then, what clue could you have as to his identity?
Holmes: Only as much as we can deduce.
Watson: From his hat?
Holmes: Precisely.
Watson: But you are joking. What can you gather from this old battered felt?
Holmes: Here is my lens. You know my methods. What can you gather yourself as to the individuality of the man who has worn this article?
Watson: I can see nothing.
Holmes: On the contrary, Watson, you can see everything. You fail, however, to reason from what you see. You are too timid in drawing your inferences.
Watson: Then, pray tell me what it is that you can infer from this hat?
###
Holmes: On the contrary, Watson, you can see everything. You fail, however, to reason from what you see. You are too timid in drawing your inferences.
Watson: Then, pray tell me what it is that you can infer from this hat?
Holmes: It is perhaps less suggestive than it might have been, and yet there are a few inferences which are very distinct, and a few others which represent at least a strong balance of probability. That the man was highly intellectual is of course obvious upon the face of it, and also that he was fairly well-to-do within the last three years, although he has now fallen upon evil days. He had foresight, but has less now than formerly, pointing to a moral retrogression, which, when taken with the decline of his fortunes, seems to indicate some evil influence, probably drink, at work upon him. This may account also for the obvious fact that his wife has ceased to love him.
Watson: My dear Holmes!
Holmes: He has, however, retained some degree of self-respect, He is a man who leads a sedentary life, goes out little, is out of training entirely, is middle-aged, has grizzled hair which he has had cut within the last few days, and which he anoints with lime-cream. These are the more patent facts which are to be deduced from his hat. Also, by the way, that it is extremely improbable that he has gas laid on in his house.
Watson: You are certainly joking, Holmes.
Holmes: Not in the least. Is it possible that even now, when I give you these results, you are unable to see how they are attained?
Watson: I have no doubt that I am very stupid, but I must confess that I am unable to follow you. For example, how did you deduce that this man was intellectual?
Holmes: It is a question of cubic capacity, a man with so large a brain must have something in it.
###
Holmes: It is a question of cubic capacity, a man with so large a brain must have something in it.
Watson: The decline of his fortunes, then?
Holmes: This hat is three years old. These flat brims curled at the edge came in then. It is a hat of the very best quality. Look at the band of ribbed silk and the excellent lining. If this man could afford to buy so expensive a hat three years ago, and has had no hat since, then he has assuredly gone down in the world.
Watson: Well, that is clear enough, certainly. But how about the foresight and the moral retrogression?
Holmes: Here is the foresight, they are never sold upon hats. If this man ordered one, it is a sign of a certain amount of foresight, since he went out of his way to take this precaution against the wind. But since we see that he has broken the elastic and has not troubled to replace it, it is obvious that he has less foresight now than formerly, which is a distinct proof of a weakening nature. On the other hand, he has endeavoured to conceal some of these stains upon the felt by daubing them with ink, which is a sign that he has not entirely lost his self-respect.
Watson: Your reasoning is certainly plausible.
###
Holmes: Your reasoning is certainly plausible.
Holmes: The further points, that he is middle-aged, that his hair is grizzled, that it has been recently cut, and that he uses lime-cream, are all to be gathered from a close examination of the lower part of the lining. The lens discloses a large number of hair-ends, clean cut by the scissors of the barber. They all appear to be adhesive, and there is a distinct odour of lime-cream. This dust, you will observe, is not the gritty, grey dust of the street but the fluffy brown dust of the house, showing that it has been hung up indoors most of the time, while the marks of moisture upon the inside are proof positive that the wearer perspired very freely, and could therefore, hardly be in the best of training.
Watson: But his wife--you said that she had ceased to love him.
Holmes: This hat has not been brushed for weeks. When I see you, my dear Watson, with a week's accumulation of dust upon your hat, and when your wife allows you to go out in such a state, I shall fear that you also have been unfortunate enough to lose your wife's affection.
Watson: But he might be a bachelor.
Holmes: Nay, he was bringing home the goose as a peace-offering to his wife. Remember the card upon the bird's leg.
Watson: You have an answer to everything. But how on earth do you deduce that the gas is not laid on in his house?
Holmes: One tallow stain, or even two, might come by chance; but when I see no less than five, I think that there can be little doubt that the individual must be brought into frequent contact with burning tallow--walks upstairs at night probably with his hat in one hand and a guttering candle in the other. Anyhow, he never got tallow-stains from a gas-jet. Are you satisfied?
Watson: Well, it is very ingenious, but since, as you said just now, there has been no crime committed, and no harm done save the loss of a goose, all this seems to be rather a waste of energy.
###
Watson: Well, it is very ingenious, but since, as you said just now, there has been no crime committed, and no harm done save the loss of a goose, all this seems to be rather a waste of energy.
Holmes: The goose, Mr. Holmes! The goose, sir!
Holmes: Eh? What of it, then? Has it returned to life and flapped off through the kitchen window?
Peterson: See here, sir! See what my wife found in its crop!
Holmes: By Jove, Peterson! this is treasure trove indeed. I suppose you know what you have got?
Peterson: A diamond, sir? A precious stone. It cuts into glass as though it were putty.
Holmes: It's more than a precious stone. It is the precious stone.
Watson: Not the Countess of Morcar's blue carbuncle!
Holmes: Precisely so. I ought to know its size and shape, seeing that I have read the advertisement about it in The Times every day lately. It is absolutely unique, and its value can only be conjectured, but the reward offered of 1000 is certainly not within a twentieth part of the market price.
Watson: A thousand pounds! Great Lord of mercy!
Holmes: That is the reward, and I have reason to know that there are sentimental considerations in the background which would induce the Countess to part with half her fortune if she could but recover the gem.
Watson: It was lost, if I remember aright, at the Hotel Cosmopolitan.
###
Watson: It was lost, if I remember aright, at the Hotel Cosmopolitan.
Holmes: Precisely so, on December 22nd, just five days ago. John Horner, a plumber, was accused of having abstracted it from the lady's jewel-case. The evidence against him was so strong that the case has been referred to the Assizes. I have some account of the matter here, I believe.
Holmes: Hotel Cosmopolitan Jewel Robbery. John Horner, 26, plumber, was brought up upon the charge of having upon the 22nd inst. abstracted from the jewel-case of the Countess of Morcar the valuable gem known as the blue carbuncle. James Ryder, upper-attendant at the hotel, gave his evidence to the effect that he had shown Horner up to the dressing-room of the Countess of Morcar upon the day of the robbery in order that he might solder the second bar of the grate, which was loose. He had remained with Horner some little time, but had finally been called away. On returning, he found that Horner had disappeared, that the bureau had been forced open, and that the small morocco casket in which, as it afterwards transpired, the Countess was accustomed to keep her jewel, was lying empty upon the dressing-table. Ryder instantly gave the alarm, and Horner was arrested the same evening; but the stone could not be found either upon his person or in his rooms. Catherine Cusack, maid to the Countess, deposed to having heard Ryder's cry of dismay on discovering the robbery, and to having rushed into the room, where she found matters as described by the last witness. Inspector Bradstreet, B division, gave evidence as to the arrest of Horner, who struggled frantically, and protested his innocence in the strongest terms. Evidence of a previous conviction for robbery having been given against the prisoner, the magistrate refused to deal summarily with the offence, but referred it to the Assizes.
###
Holmes: Hum! So much for the police-court. The question for us now to solve is the sequence of events leading from a rifled jewel-case at one end to the crop of a goose in Tottenham Court Road at the other. You see, Watson, our little deductions have suddenly assumed a much more important and less innocent aspect. Here is the stone; the stone came from the goose, and the goose came from Mr. Henry Baker, the gentleman with the bad hat and all the other characteristics with which I have bored you. So now we must set ourselves very seriously to finding this gentleman and ascertaining what part he has played in this little mystery. To do this, we must try the simplest means first, and these lie undoubtedly in an advertisement in all the evening papers. If this fail, I shall have recourse to other methods.
Watson: What will you say?
Holmes: Give me a pencil and that slip of paper. Now, then: 'Found at the corner of Goodge Street, a goose and a black felt hat. Mr. Henry Baker can have the same by applying at 6.30 this evening at 221b, Baker Street.' That is clear and concise.
Watson: Very. But will he see it?
Holmes: Well, he is sure to keep an eye on the papers, since, to a poor man, the loss was a heavy one. He was clearly so scared by his mischance in breaking the window and by the approach of Peterson that he thought of nothing but flight, but since then he must have bitterly regretted the impulse which caused him to drop his bird. Then, again, the introduction of his name will cause him to see it, for everyone who knows him will direct his attention to it. Here you are, Peterson, run down to the advertising agency and have this put in the evening papers.
Peterson: In which, sir?
Holmes: Oh, in the Globe, Star, Pall Mall, St. James's, Evening News, Standard, Echo, and any others that occur to you.
Peterson: Very well, sir. And this stone?
###
Holmes: In which, sir?
Peterson: Oh, in the Globe, Star, Pall Mall, St. James's, Evening News, Standard, Echo, and any others that occur to you.
Holmes: Very well, sir. And this stone?
Peterson: Ah, yes, I shall keep the stone. Thank you. And, I say, Peterson, just buy a goose on your way back and leave it here with me, for we must have one to give to this gentleman in place of the one which your family is now devouring.
Holmes: It's a bonny thing. Just see how it glints and sparkles. Of course it is a nucleus and focus of crime. Every good stone is. They are the devil's pet baits. In the larger and older jewels every facet may stand for a bloody deed. This stone is not yet twenty years old. It was found in the banks of the Amoy River in southern China and is remarkable in having every characteristic of the carbuncle, save that it is blue in shade instead of ruby red. In spite of its youth, it has already a sinister history. There have been two murders, a vitriol-throwing, a suicide, and several robberies brought about for the sake of this forty-grain weight of crystallised charcoal. Who would think that so pretty a toy would be a purveyor to the gallows and the prison? I'll lock it up in my strong box now and drop a line to the Countess to say that we have it.
Watson: Do you think that this man Horner is innocent?
Holmes: I cannot tell.
Watson: Well, then, do you imagine that this other one, Henry Baker, had anything to do with the matter?
Holmes: It is, I think, much more likely that Henry Baker is an absolutely innocent man, who had no idea that the bird which he was carrying was of considerably more value than if it were made of solid gold. That, however, I shall determine by a very simple test if we have an answer to our advertisement.
Watson: And you can do nothing until then?
Holmes: Nothing.
###
Watson: And you can do nothing until then?
Holmes: Nothing.
Watson: In that case I shall continue my professional round. But I shall come back in the evening at the hour you have mentioned, for I should like to see the solution of so tangled a business.
Holmes: Very glad to see you. I dine at seven. There is a woodcock, I believe. By the way, in view of recent occurrences, perhaps I ought to ask Mrs. Hudson to examine its crop.
Watson: Mr. Henry Baker, I believe.
Holmes: Pray take this chair by the fire, Mr. Baker. It is a cold night, and I observe that your circulation is more adapted for summer than for winter. Ah, Watson, you have just come at the right time. Is that your hat, Mr. Baker?
Baker: Yes, sir, that is undoubtedly my hat.
Holmes: We have retained these things for some days because we expected to see an advertisement from you giving your address. I am at a loss to know now why you did not advertise.
###
Holmes: We have retained these things for some days because we expected to see an advertisement from you giving your address. I am at a loss to know now why you did not advertise.
Visitor: Shillings have not been so plentiful with me as they once were. I had no doubt that the gang of roughs who assaulted me had carried off both my hat and the bird. I did not care to spend more money in a hopeless attempt at recovering them.
Holmes: Very naturally. By the way, about the bird, we were compelled to eat it.
Visitor: To eat it!
Holmes: Yes, it would have been of no use to anyone had we not done so. But I presume that this other goose upon the sideboard, which is about the same weight and perfectly fresh, will answer your purpose equally well?
Visitor: Oh, certainly, certainly.
Holmes: Of course, we still have the feathers, legs, crop, and so on of your own bird, so if you wish--
Visitor: They might be useful to me as relics of my adventure, but beyond that I can hardly see what use the disjecta membra of my late acquaintance are going to be to me. No, sir, I think that, with your permission, I will confine my attentions to the excellent bird which I perceive upon the sideboard.
Holmes: There is your hat, then, and there your bird. By the way, would it bore you to tell me where you got the other one from? I am somewhat of a fowl fancier, and I have seldom seen a better grown goose.
###
Holmes: There is your hat, then, and there your bird. By the way, would it bore you to tell me where you got the other one from? I am somewhat of a fowl fancier, and I have seldom seen a better grown goose.
Baker: Certainly, sir, There are a few of us who frequent the Alpha Inn, near the Museum--we are to be found in the Museum itself during the day, you understand. This year our good host, Windigate by name, instituted a goose club, by which, on consideration of some few pence every week, we were each to receive a bird at Christmas. My pence were duly paid, and the rest is familiar to you. I am much indebted to you, sir, for a Scotch bonnet is fitted neither to my years nor my gravity.
Holmes: So much for Mr. Henry Baker. It is quite certain that he knows nothing whatever about the matter. Are you hungry, Watson?
Watson: Not particularly.
Holmes: Then I suggest that we turn our dinner into a supper and follow up this clue while it is still hot.
Watson: By all means.
Holmes: Your beer should be excellent if it is as good as your geese.
Landlord: My geese! The man seemed surprised.
###
Holmes: Your beer should be excellent if it is as good as your geese.
Salesman: My geese! The man seemed surprised.
Holmes: Yes. I was speaking only half an hour ago to Mr. Henry Baker, who was a member of your goose club.
Salesman: Ah! yes, I see. But you see, sir, them's not our geese.
Holmes: Indeed! Whose, then?
Salesman: Well, I got the two dozen from a salesman in Covent Garden.
Holmes: Indeed? I know some of them. Which was it?
Salesman: Breckinridge is his name.
Holmes: Ah! I don't know him. Well, here's your good health landlord, and prosperity to your house. Good-night.
Holmes: Now for Mr. Breckinridge. Remember, Watson that though we have so homely a thing as a goose at one end of this chain, we have at the other a man who will certainly get seven years' penal servitude unless we can establish his innocence. It is possible that our inquiry may but confirm his guilt; but, in any case, we have a line of investigation which has been missed by the police, and which a singular chance has placed in our hands. Let us follow it out to the bitter end. Faces to the south, then, and quick march!
Holmes: Good-evening. It's a cold night.
Salesman: Sold out of geese, I see.
Holmes: Let you have five hundred to-morrow morning.
Salesman: That's no good.
Holmes: Well, there are some on the stall with the gas-flare.
Salesman: Ah, but I was recommended to you.
Salesman: Who by?
Holmes: The landlord of the Alpha.
Salesman: Oh, yes; I sent him a couple of dozen.
Holmes: Fine birds they were, too. Now where did you get them from?
###
Holmes: Ah, but I was recommended to you.
Salesman: Who by?
Holmes: The landlord of the Alpha.
Salesman: Oh, yes; I sent him a couple of dozen.
Salesman: Fine birds they were, too. Now where did you get them from?
Holmes: Now, then, mister, what are you driving at? Let's have it straight, now.
Holmes: It is straight enough. I should like to know who sold you the geese which you supplied to the Alpha.
Salesman: Well then, I shan't tell you. So now!
Holmes: Oh, it is a matter of no importance; but I don't know why you should be so warm over such a trifle.
Salesman: Warm! You'd be as warm, maybe, if you were as pestered as I am. When I pay good money for a good article there should be an end of the business; but it's 'Where are the geese?' and 'Who did you sell the geese to?' and 'What will you take for the geese?' One would think they were the only geese in the world, to hear the fuss that is made over them.
Holmes: Well, I have no connection with any other people who have been making inquiries. If you won't tell us the bet is off, that is all. But I'm always ready to back my opinion on a matter of fowls, and I have a fiver on it that the bird I ate is country bred.
Salesman: Well, then, you've lost your fiver, for it's town bred.
Holmes: It's nothing of the kind.
Salesman: I say it is.
Holmes: I don't believe it.
Salesman: D'you think you know more about fowls than I, who have handled them ever since I was a nipper? I tell you, all those birds that went to the Alpha were town bred.
Holmes: You'll never persuade me to believe that.
Salesman: Will you bet, then?
Holmes: It's merely taking your money, for I know that I am right. But I'll have a sovereign on with you, just to teach you not to be obstinate.
Salesman: Bring me the books, Bill.
###
Salesman: Bring me the books, Bill.
Salesman: Now then, Mr. Cocksure, I thought that I was out of geese, but before I finish you'll find that there is still one left in my shop. You see this little book?
Salesman: That's the list of the folk from whom I buy. D'you see? Well, then, here on this page are the country folk, and the numbers after their names are where their accounts are in the big ledger. Now, then! You see this other page in red ink? Well, that is a list of my town suppliers. Now, look at that third name. Just read it out to me.
Holmes: Mrs. Oakshott, 117, Brixton Road--249.
Salesman: Quite so. Now turn that up in the ledger.
Holmes: Mrs. Oakshott, 117, Brixton Road, egg and poultry supplier.
Holmes: December 22nd. Twenty-four geese at 7s. 6d.
Holmes: Sold to Mr. Windigate of the Alpha, at 12s.
Salesman: What have you to say now?
Holmes: Sherlock Holmes looked deeply chagrined. He drew a sovereign from his pocket and threw it down upon the slab, turning away with the air of a man whose disgust is too deep for words. A few yards off he stopped under a lamp-post and laughed in the hearty, noiseless fashion which was peculiar to him.
###
Holmes: When you see a man with whiskers of that cut and the 'Pink 'un' protruding out of his pocket, you can always draw him by a bet. I daresay that if I had put 100 down in front of him, that man would not have given me such complete information as was drawn from him by the idea that he was doing me on a wager. Well, Watson, we are, I fancy, nearing the end of our quest, and the only point which remains to be determined is whether we should go on to this Mrs. Oakshott to-night, or whether we should reserve it for to-morrow. It is clear from what that surly fellow said that there are others besides ourselves who are anxious about the matter, and I should--
Breckinridge: I've had enough of you and your geese. I wish you were all at the devil together. If you come pestering me any more with your silly talk I'll set the dog at you. You bring Mrs. Oakshott here and I'll answer her, but what have you to do with it? Did I buy the geese off you?
Little man: No; but one of them was mine all the same.
Breckinridge: Well, then, ask Mrs. Oakshott for it.
Little man: She told me to ask you.
Breckinridge: Well, you can ask the King of Proosia, for all I care. I've had enough of it. Get out of this!
###
Watson: Well, then, ask Mrs. Oakshott for it.
Holmes: She told me to ask you.
Watson: Well, you can ask the King of Proosia, for all I care. I've had enough of it. Get out of this!
Holmes: Ha! this may save us a visit to Brixton Road. Come with me, and we will see what is to be made of this fellow.
Holmes: Who are you, then? What do you want?
Robinson: You will excuse me, but I could not help overhearing the questions which you put to the salesman just now. I think that I could be of assistance to you.
Robinson: You? Who are you? How could you know anything of the matter?
Holmes: My name is Sherlock Holmes. It is my business to know what other people don't know.
Robinson: But you can know nothing of this?
Holmes: Excuse me, I know everything of it. You are endeavouring to trace some geese which were sold by Mrs. Oakshott, of Brixton Road, to a salesman named Breckinridge, by him in turn to Mr. Windigate, of the Alpha, and by him to his club, of which Mr. Henry Baker is a member.
Robinson: Oh, sir, you are the very man whom I have longed to meet. I can hardly explain to you how interested I am in this matter.
Holmes: In that case we had better discuss it in a cosy room rather than in this wind-swept market-place. But pray tell me, before we go farther, who it is that I have the pleasure of assisting.
Robinson: My name is John Robinson.
Holmes: No, no; the real name. It is always awkward doing business with an alias.
###
John Robinson: My name is John Robinson.
Holmes: No, no; the real name. It is always awkward doing business with an alias.
James Ryder: Well then, my real name is James Ryder. Precisely so. Head attendant at the Hotel Cosmopolitan. Pray step into the cab, and I shall soon be able to tell you everything which you would wish to know.
Holmes: Here we are! The fire looks very seasonable in this weather. You look cold, Mr. Ryder. Pray take the basket-chair. I will just put on my slippers before we settle this little matter of yours. Now, then! You want to know what became of those geese?
James Ryder: Yes, sir.
Holmes: Or rather, I fancy, of that goose. It was one bird, I imagine in which you were interested--white, with a black bar across the tail.
James Ryder: Oh, sir, can you tell me where it went to?
Holmes: It came here. Yes, and a most remarkable bird it proved. I don't wonder that you should take an interest in it. It laid an egg after it was dead--the bonniest, brightest little blue egg that ever was seen. I have it here in my museum.
Holmes: Our visitor staggered to his feet and clutched the mantelpiece with his right hand. Holmes unlocked his strong-box and held up the blue carbuncle, which shone out like a star, with a cold, brilliant, many-pointed radiance. Ryder stood glaring with a drawn face, uncertain whether to claim or to disown it.
###
Holmes: The game's up, Ryder. Hold up, man, or you'll be into the fire! Give him an arm back into his chair, Watson. He's not got blood enough to go in for felony with impunity. Give him a dash of brandy. So! Now he looks a little more human. What a shrimp it is, to be sure!
Holmes: I have almost every link in my hands, and all the proofs which I could possibly need, so there is little which you need tell me. Still, that little may as well be cleared up to make the case complete. You had heard, Ryder, of this blue stone of the Countess of Morcar's?
Ryder: It was Catherine Cusack who told me of it.
Holmes: I see, her ladyship's waiting-maid. Well, the temptation of sudden wealth so easily acquired was too much for you, as it has been for better men before you; but you were not very scrupulous in the means you used. It seems to me, Ryder, that there is the making of a very pretty villain in you. You knew that this man Horner, the plumber, had been concerned in some such matter before, and that suspicion would rest the more readily upon him. What did you do, then? You made some small job in my lady's room, you and your confederate Cusack, and you managed that he should be the man sent for. Then, when he had left, you rifled the jewel-case, raised the alarm, and had this unfortunate man arrested. You then--
Ryder: For God's sake, have mercy! Think of my father! Of my mother! It would break their hearts. I never went wrong before! I never will again. I swear it. I'll swear it on a Bible. Oh, don't bring it into court! For Christ's sake, don't!
###
Holmes: Get back into your chair! It is very well to cringe and crawl now, but you thought little enough of this poor Horner in the dock for a crime of which he knew nothing.
Ryder: I will fly, Mr. Holmes. I will leave the country, sir. Then the charge against him will break down.
Holmes: Hum! We will talk about that. And now let us hear a true account of the next act. How came the stone into the goose, and how came the goose into the open market? Tell us the truth, for there lies your only hope of safety.
Ryder: I will tell you it just as it happened, sir. When Horner had been arrested, it seemed to me that it would be best for me to get away with the stone at once, for I did not know at what moment the police might not take it into their heads to search me and my room. There was no place about the hotel where it would be safe. I went out, as if on some commission, and I made for my sister's house. She had married a man named Oakshott, and lived in Brixton Road, where she fattened fowls for the market. All the way there every man I met seemed to me to be a policeman or a detective; and, for all that it was a cold night, the sweat was pouring down my face before I came to the Brixton Road. My sister asked me what was the matter, and why I was so pale; but I told her that I had been upset by the jewel robbery at the hotel. Then I went into the back yard and smoked a pipe and wondered what it would be best to do.
###
Watson: Get out!
Unknown: What, sir! Oh, Heaven bless you!
Watson: No more words. Get out!
Holmes: After all, Watson, I am not retained by the police to supply their deficiencies. If Horner were in danger it would be another thing; but this fellow will not appear against him, and the case must collapse. I suppose that I am commuting a felony, but it is just possible that I am saving a soul. This fellow will not go wrong again; he is too terribly frightened. Send him to jail now, and you make him a jail-bird for life. Besides, it is the season of forgiveness. Chance has put in our way a most singular and whimsical problem, and its solution is its own reward. If you will have the goodness to touch the bell, Doctor, we will begin another investigation, in which, also a bird will be the chief feature.
###
Watson: THE ADVENTURE OF THE SPECKLED BAND
Watson: On glancing over my notes of the seventy odd cases in which I have during the last eight years studied the methods of my friend Sherlock Holmes, I find many tragic, some comic, a large number merely strange, but none commonplace; for, working as he did rather for the love of his art than for the acquirement of wealth, he refused to associate himself with any investigation which did not tend towards the unusual, and even the fantastic. Of all these varied cases, however, I cannot recall any which presented more singular features than that which was associated with the well-known Surrey family of the Roylotts of Stoke Moran. The events in question occurred in the early days of my association with Holmes, when we were sharing rooms as bachelors in Baker Street. It is possible that I might have placed them upon record before, but a promise of secrecy was made at the time, from which I have only been freed during the last month by the untimely death of the lady to whom the pledge was given. It is perhaps as well that the facts should now come to light, for I have reasons to know that there are widespread rumours as to the death of Dr. Grimesby Roylott which tend to make the matter even more terrible than the truth.
Watson: It was early in April in the year '83 that I woke one morning to find Sherlock Holmes standing, fully dressed, by the side of my bed. He was a late riser, as a rule, and as the clock on the mantelpiece showed me that it was only a quarter-past seven, I blinked up at him in some surprise, and perhaps just a little resentment, for I was myself regular in my habits.
Holmes: Very sorry to knock you up, Watson, but it's the common lot this morning. Mrs. Hudson has been knocked up, she retorted upon me, and I on you.
Watson: What is it, then- a fire?
###
Holmes: Very sorry to knock you up, Watson, but it's the common lot this morning. Mrs. Hudson has been knocked up, she retorted upon me, and I on you.
Watson: What is it, then- a fire?
Holmes: No; a client. It seems that a young lady has arrived in a considerable state of excitement, who insists upon seeing me. She is waiting now in the sitting-room. Now, when young ladies wander about the metropolis at this hour of the morning, and knock sleepy people up out of their beds, I presume that it is something very pressing which they have to communicate. Should it prove to be an interesting case, you would, I am sure, wish to follow it from the outset. I thought, at any rate, that I should call you and give you the chance.
Watson: My dear fellow, I would not miss it for anything.
Watson: Good-morning, madam. My name is Sherlock Holmes. This is my intimate friend and associate, Dr. Watson, before whom you can speak as freely as before myself. Ha! I am glad to see that Mrs. Hudson has had the good sense to light the fire. Pray draw up to it, and I shall order you a cup of hot coffee, for I observe that you are shivering.
Woman: It is not cold which makes me shiver.
Holmes: What, then?
###
Woman: It is not cold which makes me shiver.
Holmes: What, then?
Woman: It is fear, Mr. Holmes. It is terror.
Holmes: You must not fear. We shall soon set matters right, I have no doubt. You have come in by train this morning, I see.
Woman: You know me, then?
Holmes: No, but I observe the second half of a return ticket in the palm of your left glove. You must have started early, and yet you had a good drive in a dog-cart, along heavy roads, before you reached the station.
Holmes: There is no mystery, my dear madam. The left arm of your jacket is spattered with mud in no less than seven places. The marks are perfectly fresh. There is no vehicle save a dog-cart which throws up mud in that way, and then only when you sit on the left-hand side of the driver.
###
Woman: Whatever your reasons may be, you are perfectly correct. I started from home before six, reached Leatherhead at twenty past, and came in by the first train to Waterloo. Sir, I can stand this strain no longer; I shall go mad if it continues. I have no one to turn to--none, save only one, who cares for me, and he, poor fellow, can be of little aid. I have heard of you, Mr. Holmes; I have heard of you from Mrs. Farintosh, whom you helped in the hour of her sore need. It was from her that I had your address. Oh, sir, do you not think that you could help me, too, and at least throw a little light through the dense darkness which surrounds me? At present it is out of my power to reward you for your services, but in a month or six weeks I shall be married, with the control of my own income, and then at least you shall not find me ungrateful.
Holmes: Farintosh. Ah yes, I recall the case; it was concerned with an opal tiara. I think it was before your time, Watson. I can only say, madam, that I shall be happy to devote the same care to your case as I did to that of your friend. As to reward, my profession is its own reward; but you are at liberty to defray whatever expenses I may be put to, at the time which suits you best. And now I beg that you will lay before us everything that may help us in forming an opinion upon the matter.
###
Helen Stoner: Alas! the very horror of my situation lies in the fact that my fears are so vague, and my suspicions depend so entirely upon small points, which might seem trivial to another, that even he to whom of all others I have a right to look for help and advice looks upon all that I tell him about it as the fancies of a nervous woman. He does not say so, but I can read it from his soothing answers and averted eyes. But I have heard, Mr. Holmes, that you can see deeply into the manifold wickedness of the human heart. You may advise me how to walk amid the dangers which encompass me.
Holmes: I am all attention, madam.
Helen Stoner: My name is Helen Stoner, and I am living with my stepfather, who is the last survivor of one of the oldest Saxon families in England, the Roylotts of Stoke Moran, on the western border of Surrey.
Holmes: The name is familiar to me.
Helen Stoner: The family was at one time among the richest in England, and the estates extended over the borders into Berkshire in the north, and Hampshire in the west. In the last century, however, four successive heirs were of a dissolute and wasteful disposition, and the family ruin was eventually completed by a gambler in the days of the Regency. Nothing was left save a few acres of ground, and the two-hundred-year-old house, which is itself crushed under a heavy mortgage. The last squire dragged out his existence there, living the horrible life of an aristocratic pauper; but his only son, my stepfather, seeing that he must adapt himself to the new conditions, obtained an advance from a relative, which enabled him to take a medical degree and went out to Calcutta, where, by his professional skill and his force of character, he established a large practice. In a fit of anger, however, caused by some robberies which had been perpetrated in the house, he beat his native butler to death and narrowly escaped a capital sentence. As it was, he suffered a long term of imprisonment and afterwards returned to England a morose and disappointed man.
###
Narrator: Last week he hurled the local blacksmith over a parapet into a stream, and it was only by paying over all the money which I could gather together that I was able to avert another public exposure. He had no friends at all save the wandering gypsies, and he would give these vagabonds leave to encamp upon the few acres of bramble-covered land which represent the family estate, and would accept in return the hospitality of their tents, wandering away with them sometimes for weeks on end. He has a passion also for Indian animals, which are sent over to him by a correspondent, and he has at this moment a cheetah and a baboon, which wander freely over his grounds and are feared by the villagers almost as much as their master. You can imagine from what I say that my poor sister Julia and I had no great pleasure in our lives. No servant would stay with us, and for a long time we did all the work of the house. She was but thirty at the time of her death, and yet her hair had already begun to whiten, even as mine has. Your sister is dead, then?
Stepfather: She died just two years ago, and it is of her death that I wish to speak to you. You can understand that, living the life which I have described, we were little likely to see anyone of our own age and position. We had, however, an aunt, my mother's maiden sister, Miss Honoria Westphail, who lives near Harrow, and we were occasionally allowed to pay short visits at this lady's house. Julia went there at Christmas two years ago, and met there a half-pay major of marines, to whom she became engaged. My stepfather learned of the engagement when my sister returned and offered no objection to the marriage; but within a fortnight of the day which had been fixed for the wedding, the terrible event occurred which has deprived me of my only companion.
Holmes: Pray be precise as to details.
###
Holmes: No, I have not. It must be those wretched gipsies in the plantation.
Watson: Very likely. And yet if it were on the lawn, I wonder that you did not hear it also.
Holmes: Ah, but I sleep more heavily than you.
Watson: Well, it is of no great consequence, at any rate.
Holmes: Indeed. Was it your custom always to lock yourselves in at night?
Watson: Always.
Holmes: And why?
Watson: I think that I mentioned to you that the doctor kept a cheetah and a baboon. We had no feeling of security unless our doors were locked.
Holmes: Quite so. Pray proceed with your statement.
###
Helen Stoner: Always.
Holmes: And why?
Helen Stoner: I think that I mentioned to you that the doctor kept a cheetah and a baboon. We had no feeling of security unless our doors were locked.
Holmes: Quite so. Pray proceed with your statement.
Helen Stoner: I could not sleep that night. A vague feeling of impending misfortune impressed me. My sister and I, you will recollect, were twins, and you know how subtle are the links which bind two souls which are so closely allied. It was a wild night. The wind was howling outside, and the rain was beating and splashing against the windows. Suddenly, amid all the hubbub of the gale, there burst forth the wild scream of a terrified woman. I knew that it was my sister's voice. I sprang from my bed, wrapped a shawl round me, and rushed into the corridor. As I opened my door I seemed to hear a low whistle, such as my sister described, and a few moments later a clanging sound, as if a mass of metal had fallen. As I ran down the passage, my sister's door was unlocked, and revolved slowly upon its hinges. I stared at it horror-stricken, not knowing what was about to issue from it. By the light of the corridor-lamp I saw my sister appear at the opening, her face blanched with terror, her hands groping for help, her whole figure swaying to and fro like that of a drunkard. I ran to her and threw my arms round her, but at that moment her knees seemed to give way and she fell to the ground. She writhed as one who is in terrible pain, and her limbs were dreadfully convulsed. At first I thought that she had not recognised me, but as I bent over her she suddenly shrieked out in a voice which I shall never forget, 'Oh, my God! Helen! It was the band! The speckled band!'
###
Narrator: There was something else which she would fain have said, and she stabbed with her finger into the air in the direction of the doctor's room, but a fresh convulsion seized her and choked her words. I rushed out, calling loudly for my stepfather, and I met him hastening from his room in his dressing-gown. When he reached my sister's side she was unconscious, and though he poured brandy down her throat and sent for medical aid from the village, all efforts were in vain, for she slowly sank and died without having recovered her consciousness. Such was the dreadful end of my beloved sister.
Holmes: One moment, are you sure about this whistle and metallic sound? Could you swear to it?
Narrator: That was what the county coroner asked me at the inquiry. It is my strong impression that I heard it, and yet, among the crash of the gale and the creaking of an old house, I may possibly have been deceived.
Holmes: Was your sister dressed?
Narrator: No, she was in her night-dress. In her right hand was found the charred stump of a match, and in her left a match-box.
Holmes: Showing that she had struck a light and looked about her when the alarm took place. That is important. And what conclusions did the coroner come to?
Narrator: He investigated the case with great care, for Dr. Roylott's conduct had long been notorious in the county, but he was unable to find any satisfactory cause of death. My evidence showed that the door had been fastened upon the inner side, and the windows were blocked by old-fashioned shutters with broad iron bars, which were secured every night. The walls were carefully sounded, and were shown to be quite solid all round, and the flooring was also thoroughly examined, with the same result. The chimney is wide, but is barred up by four large staples. It is certain, therefore, that my sister was quite alone when she met her end. Besides, there were no marks of any violence upon her.
Holmes: How about poison?
Narrator: The doctors examined her for it, but without success.
Holmes: What do you think that this unfortunate lady died of, then?
###
Watson: How about poison?
Holmes: The doctors examined her for it, but without success.
Watson: What do you think that this unfortunate lady died of, then?
Holmes: It is my belief that she died of pure fear and nervous shock, though what it was that frightened her I cannot imagine.
Watson: Were there gipsies in the plantation at the time?
Holmes: Yes, there are nearly always some there.
Watson: Ah, and what did you gather from this allusion to a band--a speckled band?
Holmes: Sometimes I have thought that it was merely the wild talk of delirium, sometimes that it may have referred to some band of people, perhaps to these very gipsies in the plantation. I do not know whether the spotted handkerchiefs which so many of them wear over their heads might have suggested the strange adjective which she used.
Holmes: These are very deep waters, pray go on with your narrative.
###
Holmes: These are very deep waters, pray go on with your narrative.
Miss Roylott: Two years have passed since then, and my life has been until lately lonelier than ever. A month ago, however, a dear friend, whom I have known for many years, has done me the honour to ask my hand in marriage. His name is Armitage--Percy Armitage--the second son of Mr. Armitage, of Crane Water, near Reading. My stepfather has offered no opposition to the match, and we are to be married in the course of the spring. Two days ago some repairs were started in the west wing of the building, and my bedroom wall has been pierced, so that I have had to move into the chamber in which my sister died, and to sleep in the very bed in which she slept. Imagine, then, my thrill of terror when last night, as I lay awake, thinking over her terrible fate, I suddenly heard in the silence of the night the low whistle which had been the herald of her own death. I sprang up and lit the lamp, but nothing was to be seen in the room. I was too shaken to go to bed again, however, so I dressed, and as soon as it was daylight I slipped down, got a dog-cart at the Crown Inn, which is opposite, and drove to Leatherhead, from whence I have come on this morning with the one object of seeing you and asking your advice.
Holmes: You have done wisely. But have you told me all?
Miss Roylott: Yes, all.
Holmes: Miss Roylott, you have not. You are screening your stepfather.
Miss Roylott: Why, what do you mean?
Holmes: You have been cruelly used.
Miss Roylott: He is a hard man, and perhaps he hardly knows his own strength.
Holmes: *Long silence*
###
Lady: He is a hard man, and perhaps he hardly knows his own strength.
Holmes: This is a very deep business. There are a thousand details which I should desire to know before I decide upon our course of action. Yet we have not a moment to lose. If we were to come to Stoke Moran today, would it be possible for us to see over these rooms without the knowledge of your stepfather?
Lady: As it happens, he spoke of coming into town today upon some most important business. It is probable that he will be away all day, and that there would be nothing to disturb you. We have a housekeeper now, but she is old and foolish, and I could easily get her out of the way.
Holmes: Excellent. You are not averse to this trip, Watson?
Watson: By no means.
Holmes: Then we shall both come. What are you going to do yourself?
Watson: I have one or two things which I would wish to do now that I am in town. But I shall return by the twelve o'clock train, so as to be there in time for your coming.
Holmes: And you may expect us early in the afternoon. I have myself some small business matters to attend to. Will you not wait and breakfast?
Watson: No, I must go. My heart is lightened already since I have confided my trouble to you. I shall look forward to seeing you again this afternoon.
Holmes: And what do you think of it all, Watson?
Watson: It seems to me to be a most dark and sinister business.
Holmes: Dark enough and sinister enough. Yet if the lady is correct in saying that the flooring and walls are sound, and that the door, window, and chimney are impassable, then her sister must have been undoubtedly alone when she met her mysterious end. What becomes, then, of these nocturnal whistles, and what of the very peculiar words of the dying woman?
Watson: I cannot think.
###
Holmes: What becomes, then, of these nocturnal whistles, and what of the very peculiar words of the dying woman?
Watson: I cannot think.
Holmes: When you combine the ideas of whistles at night, the presence of a band of gipsies who are on intimate terms with this old doctor, the fact that we have every reason to believe that the doctor has an interest in preventing his stepdaughter's marriage, the dying allusion to a band, and, finally, the fact that Miss Helen Stoner heard a metallic clang, which might have been caused by one of those metal bars that secured the shutters falling back into its place, I think that there is good ground to think that the mystery may be cleared along those lines.
Watson: But what, then, did the gipsies do?
Holmes: I cannot imagine. I see many objections to any such theory.
Watson: And so do I. It is precisely for that reason that we are going to Stoke Moran this day. I want to see whether the objections are fatal, or if they may be explained away. But what in the name of the devil!
Roylott: Which of you is Holmes?
Holmes: My name, sir; but you have the advantage of me.
Roylott: I am Dr. Grimesby Roylott, of Stoke Moran.
Holmes: Indeed, Doctor. Pray take a seat.
###
Unknown: Which of you is Holmes?
Holmes: My name, sir; but you have the advantage of me.
Dr. Grimesby Roylott: I am Dr. Grimesby Roylott, of Stoke Moran.
Holmes: Indeed, Doctor. Pray take a seat.
Dr. Grimesby Roylott: I will do nothing of the kind. My stepdaughter has been here. I have traced her. What has she been saying to you?
Holmes: It is a little cold for the time of the year.
Dr. Grimesby Roylott: What has she been saying to you?
Holmes: But I have heard that the crocuses promise well.
Dr. Grimesby Roylott: Ha! You put me off, do you? I know you, you scoundrel! I have heard of you before. You are Holmes, the meddler.
Holmes: Holmes, the busybody!
Holmes: Holmes, the Scotland Yard Jack-in-office!
Holmes: Your conversation is most entertaining. When you go out close the door, for there is a decided draught.
Dr. Grimesby Roylott: I will go when I have said my say. Don't you dare to meddle with my affairs. I know that Miss Stoner has been here. I traced her! I am a dangerous man to fall foul of! See here.
Dr. Grimesby Roylott: See that you keep yourself out of my grip, and hurling the twisted poker into the fireplace he strode out of the room.
Holmes: He seems a very amiable person. I am not quite so bulky, but if he had remained I might have shown him that my grip was not much more feeble than his own.
###
Holmes: Fancy his having the insolence to confound me with the official detective force! This incident gives zest to our investigation, however, and I only trust that our little friend will not suffer from her imprudence in allowing this brute to trace her. And now, Watson, we shall order breakfast, and afterwards I shall walk down to Doctors' Commons, where I hope to get some data which may help us in this matter.
Holmes: I have seen the will of the deceased wife. To determine its exact meaning I have been obliged to work out the present prices of the investments with which it is concerned. The total income, which at the time of the wife's death was little short of 1100, is now, through the fall in agricultural prices, not more than 750. Each daughter can claim an income of 250, in case of marriage. It is evident, therefore, that if both girls had married, this beauty would have had a mere pittance, while even one of them would cripple him to a very serious extent. My morning's work has not been wasted, since it has proved that he has the very strongest motives for standing in the way of anything of the sort. And now, Watson, this is too serious for dawdling, especially as the old man is aware that we are interesting ourselves in his affairs; so if you are ready, we shall call a cab and drive to Waterloo. I should be very much obliged if you would slip your revolver into your pocket. An Eley's No. 2 is an excellent argument with gentlemen who can twist steel pokers into knots. That and a tooth-brush are, I think, all that we need.
###
Watson: Look there!
Holmes: Stoke Moran?
Driver: Yes, sir, that be the house of Dr. Grimesby Roylott.
Holmes: There is some building going on there, that is where we are going.
Driver: There's the village, but if you want to get to the house, you'll find it shorter to get over this stile, and so by the foot-path over the fields. There it is, where the lady is walking.
Holmes: And the lady, I fancy, is Miss Stoner. Yes, I think we had better do as you suggest.
Holmes: I thought it as well that this fellow should think we had come here as architects, or on some definite business. It may stop his gossip. Good-afternoon, Miss Stoner. You see that we have been as good as our word.
###
Holmes: I thought it as well that this fellow should think we had come here as architects, or on some definite business. It may stop his gossip. Good-afternoon, Miss Stoner. You see that we have been as good as our word.
Miss Stoner: I have been waiting so eagerly for you. All has turned out splendidly. Dr. Roylott has gone to town, and it is unlikely that he will be back before evening.
Holmes: We have had the pleasure of making the doctor's acquaintance, and in a few words he sketched out what had occurred. Miss Stoner turned white to the lips as she listened.
Miss Stoner: Good heavens! he has followed me, then.
Holmes: So it appears.
Miss Stoner: He is so cunning that I never know when I am safe from him. What will he say when he returns?
Holmes: He must guard himself, for he may find that there is someone more cunning than himself upon his track. You must lock yourself up from him to-night. If he is violent, we shall take you away to your aunt's at Harrow. Now, we must make the best use of our time, so kindly take us at once to the rooms which we are to examine.
Holmes: The building was of grey, lichen-blotched stone, with a high central portion and two curving wings, like the claws of a crab, thrown out on each side. In one of these wings the windows were broken and blocked with wooden boards, while the roof was partly caved in, a picture of ruin. The central portion was in little better repair, but the right-hand block was comparatively modern, and the blinds in the windows, with the blue smoke curling up from the chimneys, showed that this was where the family resided. Some scaffolding had been erected against the end wall, and the stone-work had been broken into, but there were no signs of any workmen at the moment of our visit. Holmes walked slowly up and down the ill-trimmed lawn and examined with deep attention the outsides of the windows.
###
Holmes: This, I take it, belongs to the room in which you used to sleep, the centre one to your sister's, and the one next to the main building to Dr. Roylott's chamber?
Watson: Exactly so. But I am now sleeping in the middle one.
Holmes: Pending the alterations, as I understand. By the way, there does not seem to be any very pressing need for repairs at that end wall.
Watson: There were none. I believe that it was an excuse to move me from my room.
Holmes: Ah! that is suggestive. Now, on the other side of this narrow wing runs the corridor from which these three rooms open. There are windows in it, of course?
Watson: Yes, but very small ones. Too narrow for anyone to pass through.
Holmes: As you both locked your doors at night, your rooms were unapproachable from that side. Now, would you have the kindness to go into your room and bar your shutters?
Miss Stoner: Miss Stoner did so, and Holmes, after a careful examination through the open window, endeavoured in every way to force the shutter open, but without success. There was no slit through which a knife could be passed to raise the bar. Then with his lens he tested the hinges, but they were of solid iron, built firmly into the massive masonry. "Hum!" said he, scratching his chin in some perplexity, "my theory certainly presents some difficulties. No one could pass these shutters if they were bolted. Well, we shall see if the inside throws any light upon the matter."
###
Holmes: Where does that bell communicate with?
Watson: It goes to the housekeeper's room.
Holmes: It looks newer than the other things?
Watson: Yes, it was only put there a couple of years ago.
Holmes: Your sister asked for it, I suppose?
Watson: No, I never heard of her using it. We used always to get what we wanted for ourselves.
Holmes: Indeed, it seemed unnecessary to put so nice a bell-pull there. You will excuse me for a few minutes while I satisfy myself as to this floor. Why, it's a dummy. Won't it ring?
###
Holmes: Why, it's a dummy.
Watson: Won't it ring?
Holmes: No, it is not even attached to a wire. This is very interesting. You can see now that it is fastened to a hook just above where the little opening for the ventilator is.
Watson: How very absurd! I never noticed that before.
Holmes: Very strange! There are one or two very singular points about this room. For example, what a fool a builder must be to open a ventilator into another room, when, with the same trouble, he might have communicated with the outside air!
Lady: That is also quite modern.
Holmes: Done about the same time as the bell-rope?
Lady: Yes, there were several little changes carried out about that time.
Holmes: They seem to have been of a most interesting character--dummy bell-ropes, and ventilators which do not ventilate. With your permission, Miss Stoner, we shall now carry our researches into the inner apartment.
Holmes: What's in here?
Lady: My stepfather's business papers.
Holmes: Oh! you have seen inside, then?
Lady: Only once, some years ago. I remember that it was full of papers.
Holmes: There isn't a cat in it, for example?
Lady: No. What a strange idea!
Holmes: Well, look at this! He took up a small saucer of milk which stood on the top of it.
Lady: No; we don't keep a cat. But there is a cheetah and a baboon.
###
Watson: There isn't a cat in it, for example?
Holmes: No. What a strange idea!
Watson: Well, look at this!
Holmes: No; we don't keep a cat. But there is a cheetah and a baboon.
Watson: Ah, yes, of course! Well, a cheetah is just a big cat, and yet a saucer of milk does not go very far in satisfying its wants, I daresay. There is one point which I should wish to determine.
Holmes: Thank you. That is quite settled. Hullo! Here is something interesting!
Holmes: What do you make of that, Watson?
Watson: It's a common enough lash. But I don't know why it should be tied.
Holmes: That is not quite so common, is it? Ah, me! it's a wicked world, and when a clever man turns his brains to crime it is the worst of all. I think that I have seen enough now, Miss Stoner, and with your permission we shall walk out upon the lawn.
Holmes: It is very essential, Miss Stoner, that you should absolutely follow my advice in every respect.
Miss Stoner: I shall most certainly do so.
Holmes: The matter is too serious for any hesitation. Your life may depend upon your compliance.
Miss Stoner: I assure you that I am in your hands.
Holmes: In the first place, both my friend and I must spend the night in your room.
Holmes: Yes, it must be so. Let me explain. I believe that that is the village inn over there?
Miss Stoner: Yes, that is the Crown.
Holmes: Very good. Your windows would be visible from there?
###
Miss Stoner: Yes, it must be so. Let me explain. I believe that that is the village inn over there?
Holmes: Yes, that is the Crown.
Miss Stoner: Your windows would be visible from there?
Holmes: Certainly. You must confine yourself to your room, on pretence of a headache, when your stepfather comes back. Then when you hear him retire for the night, you must open the shutters of your window, undo the hasp, put your lamp there as a signal to us, and then withdraw quietly with everything which you are likely to want into the room which you used to occupy. I have no doubt that, in spite of the repairs, you could manage there for one night.
Miss Stoner: Oh, yes, easily. The rest you will leave in our hands.
Miss Stoner: But what will you do?
Holmes: We shall spend the night in your room, and we shall investigate the cause of this noise which has disturbed you.
Miss Stoner: I believe, Mr. Holmes, that you have already made up your mind.
Holmes: Perhaps I have. Then, for pity's sake, tell me what was the cause of my sister's death.
Miss Stoner: I should prefer to have clearer proofs before I speak. You can at least tell me whether my own thought is correct, and if she died from some sudden fright.
Holmes: No, I do not think so. I think that there was probably some more tangible cause. And now, Miss Stoner, we must leave you for if Dr. Roylott returned and saw us our journey would be in vain. Good-bye, and be brave, for if you will do what I have told you, you may rest assured that we shall soon drive away the dangers that threaten you.
###
Watson: Do you know, Watson, I have really some scruples as to taking you tonight. There is a distinct element of danger.
Watson: Can I be of assistance?
Holmes: Your presence might be invaluable.
Watson: Then I shall certainly come.
Holmes: It is very kind of you.
Watson: You speak of danger. You have evidently seen more in these rooms than was visible to me.
Holmes: No, but I fancy that I may have deduced a little more. I imagine that you saw all that I did.
Watson: I saw nothing remarkable save the bell-rope, and what purpose that could answer I confess is more than I can imagine.
Holmes: You saw the ventilator, too?
Watson: Yes, but I do not think that it is such a very unusual thing to have a small opening between two rooms. It was so small that a rat could hardly pass through.
Holmes: I knew that we should find a ventilator before ever we came to Stoke Moran.
Watson: My dear Holmes!
Holmes: Oh, yes, I did. You remember in her statement she said that her sister could smell Dr. Roylott's cigar. Now, of course that suggested at once that there must be a communication between the two rooms. It could only be a small one, or it would have been remarked upon at the coroner's inquiry. I deduced a ventilator.
Watson: But what harm can there be in that?
###
Watson: But what harm can there be in that?
Holmes: Well, there is at least a curious coincidence of dates. A ventilator is made, a cord is hung, and a lady who sleeps in the bed dies. Does not that strike you?
Watson: I cannot as yet see any connection.
Holmes: Did you observe anything very peculiar about that bed?
Watson: No.
Holmes: It was clamped to the floor. Did you ever see a bed fastened like that before?
Watson: I cannot say that I have.
Holmes: The lady could not move her bed. It must always be in the same relative position to the ventilator and to the rope--or so we may call it, since it was clearly never meant for a bell-pull.
Watson: Holmes, I cried, I seem to see dimly what you are hinting at. We are only just in time to prevent some subtle and horrible crime.
Holmes: Subtle enough and horrible enough. When a doctor does go wrong he is the first of criminals. He has nerve and he has knowledge. Palmer and Pritchard were among the heads of their profession. This man strikes even deeper, but I think, Watson, that we shall be able to strike deeper still. But we shall have horrors enough before the night is over; for goodness' sake let us have a quiet pipe and turn our minds for a few hours to something more cheerful.
Holmes: That is our signal, it comes from the middle window.
###
Watson: My God! did you see it?
Holmes: It is a nice household. That is the baboon.
Watson: The least sound would be fatal to our plans.
Holmes: We must sit without light. He would see it through the ventilator.
Watson: Do not go asleep; your very life may depend upon it. Have your pistol ready in case we should need it. I will sit on the side of the bed, and you in that chair.
###
Watson: How shall I ever forget that dreadful vigil? I could not hear a sound, not even the drawing of a breath, and yet I knew that my companion sat open-eyed, within a few feet of me, in the same state of nervous tension in which I was myself. The shutters cut off the least ray of light, and we waited in absolute darkness. From outside came the occasional cry of a night-bird, and once at our very window a long drawn catlike whine, which told us that the cheetah was indeed at liberty. Far away we could hear the deep tones of the parish clock, which boomed out every quarter of an hour. How long they seemed, those quarters! Twelve struck, and one and two and three, and still we sat waiting silently for whatever might befall. Suddenly there was the momentary gleam of a light up in the direction of the ventilator, which vanished immediately, but was succeeded by a strong smell of burning oil and heated metal. Someone in the next room had lit a dark-lantern. I heard a gentle sound of movement, and then all was silent once more, though the smell grew stronger. For half an hour I sat with straining ears. Then suddenly another sound became audible--a very gentle, soothing sound, like that of a small jet of steam escaping continually from a kettle.
Holmes: You see it, Watson? You see it?
###
Holmes: You see it, Watson? You see it?
Watson: I saw nothing. At the moment when Holmes struck the light I heard a low, clear whistle, but the sudden glare flashing into my weary eyes made it impossible for me to tell what it was at which my friend lashed so savagely. I could, however, see that his face was deadly pale and filled with horror and loathing. He had ceased to strike and was gazing up at the ventilator when suddenly there broke from the silence of the night the most horrible cry to which I have ever listened. It swelled up louder and louder, a hoarse yell of pain and fear and anger all mingled in the one dreadful shriek. They say that away down in the village, and even in the distant parsonage, that cry raised the sleepers from their beds. It struck cold to our hearts, and I stood gazing at Holmes, and he at me, until the last echoes of it had died away into the silence from which it rose.
Watson: What can it mean? 
Holmes: It means that it is all over. And perhaps, after all, it is for the best. Take your pistol, and we will enter Dr. Roylott's room.
Holmes: With a grave face he lit the lamp and led the way down the corridor. Twice he struck at the chamber door without any reply from within. Then he turned the handle and entered, I at his heels, with the cocked pistol in my hand.
###
Watson: The band! the speckled band!
Holmes: It is a swamp adder! the deadliest snake in India. He has died within ten seconds of being bitten. Violence does, in truth, recoil upon the violent, and the schemer falls into the pit which he digs for another. Let us thrust this creature back into its den, and we can then remove Miss Stoner to some place of shelter and let the county police know what has happened.
###
Holmes: Such are the true facts of the death of Dr. Grimesby Roylott, of Stoke Moran. It is not necessary that I should prolong a narrative which has already run to too great a length by telling how we broke the sad news to the terrified girl, how we conveyed her by the morning train to the care of her good aunt at Harrow, of how the slow process of official inquiry came to the conclusion that the doctor met his fate while indiscreetly playing with a dangerous pet. The little which I had yet to learn of the case was told me by Sherlock Holmes as we travelled back next day.
###
Holmes: I had come to an entirely erroneous conclusion which shows, my dear Watson, how dangerous it always is to reason from insufficient data. The presence of the gipsies, and the use of the word 'band,' which was used by the poor girl, no doubt, to explain the appearance which she had caught a hurried glimpse of by the light of her match, were sufficient to put me upon an entirely wrong scent. I can only claim the merit that I instantly reconsidered my position when, however, it became clear to me that whatever danger threatened an occupant of the room could not come either from the window or the door. My attention was speedily drawn, as I have already remarked to you, to this ventilator, and to the bell-rope which hung down to the bed. The discovery that this was a dummy, and that the bed was clamped to the floor, instantly gave rise to the suspicion that the rope was there as a bridge for something passing through the hole and coming to the bed. The idea of a snake instantly occurred to me, and when I coupled it with my knowledge that the doctor was furnished with a supply of creatures from India, I felt that I was probably on the right track. The idea of using a form of poison which could not possibly be discovered by any chemical test was just such a one as would occur to a clever and ruthless man who had had an Eastern training. The rapidity with which such a poison would take effect would also, from his point of view, be an advantage.
###
Watson: Excellent! You should have been a surgeon.
Holmes: It is a question of hydraulics, you see, and came within my own province.
Watson: This has been done by a very heavy and sharp instrument.
Holmes: A thing like a cleaver.
Watson: An accident, I presume?
Holmes: By no means. What! a murderous attack?
Watson: Very murderous indeed. You horrify me.
Watson: How is that?
Holmes: Capital! Between your brandy and your bandage, I feel a new man. I was very weak, but I have had a good deal to go through.
Watson: Perhaps you had better not speak of the matter. It is evidently trying to your nerves.
Holmes: Oh, no, not now. I shall have to tell my tale to the police; but, between ourselves, if it were not for the convincing evidence of this wound of mine, I should be surprised if they believed my statement, for it is a very extraordinary one, and I have not much in the way of proof with which to back it up; and, even if they believe me, the clues which I can give them are so vague that it is a question whether justice will be done.
Watson: Ha! if it is anything in the nature of a problem which you desire to see solved, I should strongly recommend you to come to my friend, Mr. Sherlock Holmes, before you go to the official police.
Visitor: Oh, I have heard of that fellow, and I should be very glad if he would take the matter up, though of course I must use the official police as well. Would you give me an introduction to him?
Watson: I'll do better. I'll take you round to him myself.
Visitor: I should be immensely obliged to you.
Watson: We'll call a cab and go together. We shall just be in time to have a little breakfast with him. Do you feel equal to it?
Visitor: Yes; I shall not feel easy until I have told my story.
###
Watson: I should be immensely obliged to you.
Holmes: We'll call a cab and go together. We shall just be in time to have a little breakfast with him. Do you feel equal to it?
Watson: Yes; I shall not feel easy until I have told my story.
Holmes: Then my servant will call a cab, and I shall be with you in an instant.
Watson: Thank you, but I have felt another man since the doctor bandaged me, and I think that your breakfast has completed the cure. I shall take up as little of your valuable time as possible, so I shall start at once upon my peculiar experiences.
Holmes: It is easy to see that your experience has been no common one, Mr. Hatherley. Pray, lie down there and make yourself absolutely at home. Tell us what you can, but stop when you are tired and keep up your strength with a little stimulant.
###
Watson: Not at all, I shall be very happy to accommodate myself to your wishes. I should like, however, to understand a little more clearly what it is that you wish me to do.
Holmes: Quite so. It is very natural that the pledge of secrecy which we have exacted from you should have aroused your curiosity. I have no wish to commit you to anything without your having it all laid before you. I suppose that we are absolutely safe from eavesdroppers?
Watson: Entirely.
Holmes: Then the matter stands thus. You are probably aware that fuller's-earth is a valuable product, and that it is only found in one or two places in England?
Watson: I have heard so.
###
Holmes: Entirely.
Client: Then the matter stands thus. You are probably aware that fuller's-earth is a valuable product, and that it is only found in one or two places in England?
Holmes: I have heard so.
Client: Some little time ago I bought a small place--a very small place--within ten miles of Reading. I was fortunate enough to discover that there was a deposit of fuller's-earth in one of my fields. On examining it, however, I found that this deposit was a comparatively small one, and that it formed a link between two very much larger ones upon the right and left--both of them, however, in the grounds of my neighbours. These good people were absolutely ignorant that their land contained that which was quite as valuable as a gold-mine. Naturally, it was to my interest to buy their land before they discovered its true value, but unfortunately I had no capital by which I could do this. I took a few of my friends into the secret, however, and they suggested that we should quietly and secretly work our own little deposit and that in this way we should earn the money which would enable us to buy the neighbouring fields. This we have now been doing for some time, and in order to help us in our operations we erected a hydraulic press. This press, as I have already explained, has got out of order, and we wish your advice upon the subject. We guard our secret very jealously, however, and if it once became known that we had hydraulic engineers coming to our little house, it would soon rouse inquiry, and then, if the facts came out, it would be good-bye to any chance of getting these fields and carrying out our plans. That is why I have made you promise me that you will not tell a human being that you are going to Eyford to-night. I hope that I make it all plain?
Holmes: I quite follow you. The only point which I could not quite understand was what use you could make of a hydraulic press in excavating fuller's-earth, which, as I understand, is dug out like gravel from a pit.
###
Watson: I quite follow you. The only point which I could not quite understand was what use you could make of a hydraulic press in excavating fuller's-earth, which, as I understand, is dug out like gravel from a pit.
Holmes: Ah! we have our own process. We compress the earth into bricks, so as to remove them without revealing what they are. But that is a mere detail. I have taken you fully into my confidence now, Mr. Hatherley, and I have shown you how I trust you. I shall expect you, then, at Eyford at 11.15.
Watson: I shall certainly be there.
Holmes: And not a word to a soul. He looked at me with a last long, questioning gaze, and then, pressing my hand in a cold, dank grasp, he hurried from the room. Well, when I came to think it all over in cool blood I was very much astonished, as you may both think, at this sudden commission which had been intrusted to me. On the one hand, of course, I was glad, for the fee was at least tenfold what I should have asked had I set a price upon my own services, and it was possible that this order might lead to other ones. On the other hand, the face and manner of my patron had made an unpleasant impression upon me, and I could not think that his explanation of the fuller's-earth was sufficient to explain the necessity for my coming at midnight, and his extreme anxiety lest I should tell anyone of my errand. However, I threw all fears to the winds, ate a hearty supper, drove to Paddington, and started off, having obeyed to the letter the injunction as to holding my tongue.
###
Watson: At Reading I had to change not only my carriage but my station. However, I was in time for the last train to Eyford, and I reached the little dim-lit station after eleven o'clock. I was the only passenger who got out there, and there was no one upon the platform save a single sleepy porter with a lantern. As I passed out through the wicket gate, however, I found my acquaintance of the morning waiting in the shadow upon the other side. Without a word he grasped my arm and hurried me into a carriage, the door of which was standing open. He drew up the windows on either side, tapped on the wood-work, and away we went as fast as the horse could go.
Watson: One horse?
Holmes: Did you observe the colour?
Watson: Yes, I saw it by the side-lights when I was stepping into the carriage. It was a chestnut.
Holmes: Tired looking or fresh?
Watson: Oh, fresh and glossy.
Holmes: Thank you. I am sorry to have interrupted you. Pray continue your most interesting statement.
###
Watson: Yes, I saw it by the side-lights when I was stepping into the carriage. It was a chestnut.
Holmes: Tired looking or fresh?
Watson: Oh, fresh and glossy.
Holmes: Thank you. I am sorry to have interrupted you. Pray continue your most interesting statement.
Watson: Away we went then, and we drove for at least an hour. Colonel Lysander Stark had said that it was only seven miles, but I should think, from the rate that we seemed to go, and from the time that we took, that it must have been nearer twelve. He sat at my side in silence all the time, and I was aware, more than once when I glanced in his direction, that he was looking at me with great intensity. The country roads seem to be not very good in that part of the world, for we lurched and jolted terribly. I tried to look out of the windows to see something of where we were, but they were made of frosted glass, and I could make out nothing save the occasional bright blur of a passing light. Now and then I hazarded some remark to break the monotony of the journey, but the colonel answered only in monosyllables, and the conversation soon flagged. At last, however, the bumping of the road was exchanged for the crisp smoothness of a gravel-drive, and the carriage came to a stand. Colonel Lysander Stark sprang out, and, as I followed after him, pulled me swiftly into a porch which gaped in front of us. We stepped, as it were, right out of the carriage and into the hall, so that I failed to catch the most fleeting glance of the front of the house. The instant that I had crossed the threshold the door slammed heavily behind us, and I heard faintly the rattle of the wheels as the carriage drove away.
###
Watson: I had better put my hat on, I suppose.
Holmes: Oh, no, it is in the house.
Watson: What, you dig fuller's earth in the house?
Holmes: No, no. This is only where we compress it. But never mind that. All we wish you to do is to examine the machine and to let us know what is wrong with it.
Watson: We are now, actually within the hydraulic press, and it would be a particularly unpleasant thing for us if anyone were to turn it on. The ceiling of this small chamber is really the end of the descending piston, and it comes down with the force of many tons upon this metal floor. There are small lateral columns of water outside which receive the force, and which transmit and multiply it in the manner which is familiar to you. The machine goes readily enough, but there is some stiffness in the working of it, and it has lost a little of its force. Perhaps you will have the goodness to look it over and to show us how we can set it right.
###
Watson: The instant that I uttered the words I regretted the rashness of my speech. 
Holmes: 'Very well,' said he, 'you shall know all about the machine.' He took a step backward, slammed the little door, and turned the key in the lock. 
Watson: Hullo! Hullo! Colonel! Let me out!
Watson: I implored the colonel to let me out, but the remorseless clanking of the levers drowned my cries. 
Watson: Already I was unable to stand erect, when my eye caught something which brought a gush of hope back to my heart.
###
Watson: How long I remained unconscious I cannot tell. It must have been a very long time, for the moon had sunk, and a bright morning was breaking when I came to myself. My clothes were all sodden with dew, and my coat-sleeve was drenched with blood from my wounded thumb. The smarting of it recalled in an instant all the particulars of my night's adventure, and I sprang to my feet with the feeling that I might hardly yet be safe from my pursuers. But to my astonishment, when I came to look round me, neither house nor garden were to be seen. I had been lying in an angle of the hedge close by the highroad, and just a little lower down was a long building, which proved, upon my approaching it, to be the very station at which I had arrived upon the previous night. Were it not for the ugly wound upon my hand, all that had passed during those dreadful hours might have been an evil dream. Half dazed, I went into the station and asked about the morning train. There would be one to Reading in less than an hour. The same porter was on duty, I found, as had been there when I arrived. I inquired of him whether he had ever heard of Colonel Lysander Stark. The name was strange to him. Had he observed a carriage the night before waiting for me? No, he had not. Was there a police-station anywhere near? There was one about three miles off. It was too far for me to go, weak and ill as I was. I determined to wait until I got back to town before telling my story to the police. It was a little past six when I arrived, so I went first to have my wound dressed, and then the doctor was kind enough to bring me along here. I put the case into your hands and shall do exactly what you advise.
Holmes: Here is an advertisement which will interest you. It appeared in all the papers about a year ago. Listen to this:
###
Holmes: Here is an advertisement which will interest you. It appeared in all the papers about a year ago. Listen to this: 'Lost, on the 9th inst., Mr. Jeremiah Hayling, aged twenty-six, a hydraulic engineer. Left his lodgings at ten o'clock at night, and has not been heard of since. Was dressed in--' etc., etc. Ha! That represents the last time that the colonel needed to have his machine overhauled, I fancy.
Patient: Good heavens! Then that explains what the girl said.
Holmes: Undoubtedly. It is quite clear that the colonel was a cool and desperate man, who was absolutely determined that nothing should stand in the way of his little game, like those out-and-out pirates who will leave no survivor from a captured ship. Well, every moment now is precious, so if you feel equal to it we shall go down to Scotland Yard at once as a preliminary to starting for Eyford.
Bradstreet: There you are. That circle is drawn at a radius of ten miles from the village. The place we want must be somewhere near that line. You said ten miles, I think, sir.
Watson: It was an hour's good drive.
Watson: What I cannot understand is why they should have spared you when they found you lying fainting in the garden. Perhaps the villain was softened by the woman's entreaties.
Holmes: I hardly think that likely. I never saw a more inexorable face in my life.
###
Watson: I hardly think that likely. I never saw a more inexorable face in my life.
Bradstreet: Oh, we shall soon clear up all that. Well, I have drawn my circle, and I only wish I knew at what point upon it the folk that we are in search of are to be found.
Holmes: I think I could lay my finger on it.
Inspector: Really, now! you have formed your opinion! Come, now, we shall see who agrees with you. I say it is south, for the country is more deserted there.
Patient: And I say east.
Plain-clothes man: I am for west. There are several quiet little villages up there.
Watson: And I am for north, because there are no hills there, and our friend says that he did not notice the carriage go up any.
Inspector: Come, it's a very pretty diversity of opinion. We have boxed the compass among us. Who do you give your casting vote to?
Holmes: You are all wrong.
Hatherley: But the twelve-mile drive?
Bradstreet: Six out and six back. Nothing simpler. You say yourself that the horse was fresh and glossy when you got in. How could it be that if it had gone twelve miles over heavy roads?
Bradstreet: Indeed, it is a likely ruse enough. Of course there can be no doubt as to the nature of this gang.
Holmes: None at all. They are coiners on a large scale, and have used the machine to form the amalgam which has taken the place of silver.
Inspector: We have known for some time that a clever gang was at work. They have been turning out half-crowns by the thousand. We even traced them as far as Reading, but could get no farther, for they had covered their traces in a way that showed that they were very old hands. But now, thanks to this lucky chance, I think that we have got them right enough.
###
Narrator: But the inspector was mistaken, for those criminals were not destined to fall into the hands of justice. As we rolled into Eyford Station we saw a gigantic column of smoke which streamed up from behind a small clump of trees in the neighbourhood and hung like an immense ostrich feather over the landscape.
Bradstreet: A house on fire?
Station-master: Yes, sir! When did it break out?
Bradstreet: Whose house is it?
Engineer: Tell me, is Dr. Becher a German, very thin, with a long, sharp nose?
Station-master: No, sir, Dr. Becher is an Englishman, and there isn't a man in the parish who has a better-lined waistcoat. But he has a gentleman staying with him, a patient, as I understand, who is a foreigner, and he looks as if a little good Berkshire beef would do him no harm.
Hatherley: That's it! There is the gravel-drive, and there are the rose-bushes where I lay. That second window is the one that I jumped from.
Holmes: Well, at least, you have had your revenge upon them. There can be no question that it was your oil-lamp which, when it was crushed in the press, set fire to the wooden walls, though no doubt they were too excited in the chase after you to observe it at the time. Now keep your eyes open in this crowd for your friends of last night, though I very much fear that they are a good hundred miles off by now.
###
Engineer: Well, it has been a pretty business for me! I have lost my thumb and I have lost a fifty-guinea fee, and what have I gained?
Holmes: Experience. Indirectly it may be of value, you know; you have only to put it into words to gain the reputation of being excellent company for the remainder of your existence.
Watson: Here is a very fashionable epistle. Your morning letters, if I remember right, were from a fish-monger and a tide-waiter.
###
Watson: Here is a very fashionable epistle. Your morning letters, if I remember right, were from a fish-monger and a tide-waiter.
Holmes: Yes, my correspondence has certainly the charm of variety, and the humbler are usually the more interesting. This looks like one of those unwelcome social summonses which call upon a man either to be bored or to lie.
Holmes: Oh, come, it may prove to be something of interest, after all.
Watson: Not social, then?
Holmes: No, distinctly professional.
Watson: And from a noble client?
Holmes: One of the highest in England.
Watson: My dear fellow, I congratulate you.
Holmes: I assure you, Watson, without affectation, that the status of my client is a matter of less moment to me than the interest of his case. It is just possible, however, that that also may not be wanting in this new investigation. You have been reading the papers diligently of late, have you not?
Watson: It looks like it. I have had nothing else to do.
Holmes: It is fortunate, for you will perhaps be able to post me up. I read nothing except the criminal news and the agony column. The latter is always instructive. But if you have followed recent events so closely you must have read about Lord St. Simon and his wedding?
Watson: Oh, yes, with the deepest interest.
Holmes: That is well. The letter which I hold in my hand is from Lord St. Simon. I will read it to you, and in return you must turn over these papers and let me have whatever bears upon the matter. This is what he says:
###
Holmes: Oh, yes, with the deepest interest.
Holmes: That is well. The letter which I hold in my hand is from Lord St. Simon. I will read it to you, and in return you must turn over these papers and let me have whatever bears upon the matter. This is what he says: 'My dear Mr. Sherlock Holmes: Lord Backwater tells me that I may place implicit reliance upon your judgment and discretion. I have determined, therefore, to call upon you and to consult you in reference to the very painful event which has occurred in connection with my wedding. Mr. Lestrade, of Scotland Yard, is acting already in the matter, but he assures me that he sees no objection to your co-operation, and that he even thinks that it might be of some assistance. I will call at four o'clock in the afternoon, and, should you have any other engagement at that time, I hope that you will postpone it, as this matter is of paramount importance. Yours faithfully, St. Simon.' It is dated from Grosvenor Mansions, written with a quill pen, and the noble lord has had the misfortune to get a smear of ink upon the outer side of his right little finger, He says four o'clock. It is three now. He will be here in an hour.
###
Watson: He says four o'clock. It is three now. He will be here in an hour.
Holmes: Then I have just time, with your assistance, to get clear upon the subject. Turn over those papers and arrange the extracts in their order of time, while I take a glance as to who our client is. Here he is, 'Lord Robert Walsingham de Vere St. Simon, second son of the Duke of Balmoral.' Hum! 'Arms: Azure, three caltrops in chief over a fess sable. Born in 1846.' He's forty-one years of age, which is mature for marriage. Was Under-Secretary for the colonies in a late administration. The Duke, his father, was at one time Secretary for Foreign Affairs. They inherit Plantagenet blood by direct descent, and Tudor on the distaff side. Ha! Well, there is nothing very instructive in all this. I think that I must turn to you Watson, for something more solid.
Watson: I have very little difficulty in finding what I want, for the facts are quite recent, and the matter struck me as remarkable. I feared to refer them to you, however, as I knew that you had an inquiry on hand and that you disliked the intrusion of other matters.
Holmes: Oh, you mean the little problem of the Grosvenor Square furniture van. That is quite cleared up now--though, indeed, it was obvious from the first. Pray give me the results of your newspaper selections. Here is the first notice which I can find. It is in the personal column of the Morning Post, and dates, as you see, some weeks back: 'A marriage has been arranged [it says] and will, if rumour is correct, very shortly take place, between Lord Robert St. Simon, second son of the Duke of Balmoral, and Miss Hatty Doran, the only daughter of Aloysius Doran. Esq., of San Francisco, Cal., U.S.A.' That is all.
Holmes: Terse and to the point.
###
Holmes: That is all.
Watson: Terse and to the point.
Watson: There was a paragraph amplifying this in one of the society papers of the same week. Ah, here it is: 'There will soon be a call for protection in the marriage market, for the present free-trade principle appears to tell heavily against our home product. One by one the management of the noble houses of Great Britain is passing into the hands of our fair cousins from across the Atlantic. An important addition has been made during the last week to the list of the prizes which have been borne away by these charming invaders. Lord St. Simon, who has shown himself for over twenty years proof against the little god's arrows, has now definitely announced his approaching marriage with Miss Hatty Doran, the fascinating daughter of a California millionaire. Miss Doran, whose graceful figure and striking face attracted much attention at the Westbury House festivities, is an only child, and it is currently reported that her dowry will run to considerably over the six figures, with expectancies for the future. As it is an open secret that the Duke of Balmoral has been compelled to sell his pictures within the last few years, and as Lord St. Simon has no property of his own save the small estate of Birchmoor, it is obvious that the Californian heiress is not the only gainer by an alliance which will enable her to make the easy and common transition from a Republican lady to a British peeress.'
Holmes: Anything else?
###
Watson: Anything else?
Holmes: Oh, yes; plenty. Then there is another note in the Morning Post to say that the marriage would be an absolutely quiet one, that it would be at St. George's, Hanover Square, that only half a dozen intimate friends would be invited, and that the party would return to the furnished house at Lancaster Gate which has been taken by Mr. Aloysius Doran. Two days later--that is, on Wednesday last--there is a curt announcement that the wedding had taken place, and that the honeymoon would be passed at Lord Backwater's place, near Petersfield. Those are all the notices which appeared before the disappearance of the bride.
Holmes: Before the what?
Watson: The vanishing of the lady.
Holmes: When did she vanish, then?
Watson: At the wedding breakfast.
Holmes: Indeed. This is more interesting than it promised to be; quite dramatic, in fact.
Watson: Yes; it struck me as being a little out of the common.
Holmes: They often vanish before the ceremony, and occasionally during the honeymoon; but I cannot call to mind anything quite so prompt as this. Pray let me have the details.
Watson: I warn you that they are very incomplete.
Holmes: Perhaps we may make them less so.
Watson: Such as they are, they are set forth in a single article of a morning paper of yesterday, which I will read to you. It is headed, 'Singular Occurrence at a Fashionable Wedding'.
###
Holmes: Perhaps we may make them less so.
Holmes: Such as they are, they are set forth in a single article of a morning paper of yesterday, which I will read to you. It is headed, 'Singular Occurrence at a Fashionable Wedding':
Holmes: The family of Lord Robert St. Simon has been thrown into the greatest consternation by the strange and painful episodes which have taken place in connection with his wedding. The ceremony, as shortly announced in the papers of yesterday, occurred on the previous morning; but it is only now that it has been possible to confirm the strange rumours which have been so persistently floating about. In spite of the attempts of the friends to hush the matter up, so much public attention has now been drawn to it that no good purpose can be served by affecting to disregard what is a common subject for conversation. The ceremony, which was performed at St. George's, Hanover Square, was a very quiet one, no one being present save the father of the bride, Mr. Aloysius Doran, the Duchess of Balmoral, Lord Backwater, Lord Eustace and Lady Clara St. Simon (the younger brother and sister of the bridegroom), and Lady Alicia Whittington. The whole party proceeded afterwards to the house of Mr. Aloysius Doran, at Lancaster Gate, where breakfast had been prepared. It appears that some little trouble was caused by a woman, whose name has not been ascertained, who endeavoured to force her way into the house after the bridal party, alleging that she had some claim upon Lord St. Simon. It was only after a painful and prolonged scene that she was ejected by the butler and the footman.
###
Watson: The bride, who had fortunately entered the house before this unpleasant interruption, had sat down to breakfast with the rest, when she complained of a sudden indisposition and retired to her room. Her prolonged absence having caused some comment, her father followed her, but learned from her maid that she had only come up to her chamber for an instant, caught up an ulster and bonnet, and hurried down to the passage. One of the footmen declared that he had seen a lady leave the house thus apparelled, but had refused to credit that it was his mistress, believing her to be with the company. On ascertaining that his daughter had disappeared, Mr. Aloysius Doran, in conjunction with the bridegroom, instantly put themselves in communication with the police, and very energetic inquiries are being made, which will probably result in a speedy clearing up of this very singular business. Up to a late hour last night, however, nothing had transpired as to the whereabouts of the missing lady. There are rumours of foul play in the matter, and it is said that the police have caused the arrest of the woman who had caused the original disturbance, in the belief that, from jealousy or some other motive, she may have been concerned in the strange disappearance of the bride.
Holmes: And is that all?
Watson: Only one little item in another of the morning papers, but it is a suggestive one.
Holmes: That Miss Flora Millar, the lady who had caused the disturbance, has actually been arrested. It appears that she was formerly a danseuse at the Allegro, and that she has known the bridegroom for some years. There are no further particulars, and the whole case is in your hands now--so far as it has been set forth in the public press.
###
Holmes: And an exceedingly interesting case it appears to be. I would not have missed it for worlds. But there is a ring at the bell, Watson, and as the clock makes it a few minutes after four, I have no doubt that this will prove to be our noble client. Do not dream of going, Watson, for I very much prefer having a witness, if only as a check to my own memory.
Page-boy: Lord Robert St. Simon.
St. Simon: Good-day, Lord St. Simon. Pray take the basket-chair. This is my friend and colleague, Dr. Watson. Draw up a little to the fire, and we will talk this matter over.
St. Simon: A most painful matter to me, as you can most readily imagine, Mr. Holmes. I have been cut to the quick. I understand that you have already managed several delicate cases of this sort, sir, though I presume that they were hardly from the same class of society.
Holmes: No, I am descending.
St. Simon: I beg pardon.
Holmes: My last client of the sort was a king.
St. Simon: Oh, really! I had no idea. And which king?
Holmes: The King of Scandinavia.
St. Simon: What! Had he lost his wife?
###
Holmes: No, I am descending.
Watson: I beg pardon.
Holmes: My last client of the sort was a king.
Watson: Oh, really! I had no idea. And which king?
Holmes: The King of Scandinavia.
Watson: What! Had he lost his wife?
Holmes: You can understand that I extend to the affairs of my other clients the same secrecy which I promise to you in yours.
Watson: Of course! Very right! very right! I'm sure I beg pardon. As to my own case, I am ready to give you any information which may assist you in forming an opinion.
Holmes: Thank you. I have already learned all that is in the public prints, nothing more. I presume that I may take it as correct--this article, for example, as to the disappearance of the bride.
Lord St. Simon: Yes, it is correct, as far as it goes.
Holmes: But it needs a great deal of supplementing before anyone could offer an opinion. I think that I may arrive at my facts most directly by questioning you.
Lord St. Simon: Pray do so.
Holmes: When did you first meet Miss Hatty Doran?
Lord St. Simon: In San Francisco, a year ago.
Holmes: You were travelling in the States?
Lord St. Simon: Yes.
Holmes: Did you become engaged then?
Lord St. Simon: No.
Holmes: But you were on a friendly footing?
Lord St. Simon: I was amused by her society, and she could see that I was amused.
Holmes: Her father is very rich?
Lord St. Simon: He is said to be the richest man on the Pacific slope.
Holmes: And how did he make his money?
Lord St. Simon: In mining. He had nothing a few years ago. Then he struck gold, invested it, and came up by leaps and bounds.
Holmes: Now, what is your own impression as to the young lady's--your wife's character?
###
Holmes: And how did he make his money?
Nobleman: In mining. He had nothing a few years ago. Then he struck gold, invested it, and came up by leaps and bounds.
Holmes: Now, what is your own impression as to the young lady's--your wife's character?
Nobleman: You see, Mr. Holmes, my wife was twenty before her father became a rich man. During that time she ran free in a mining camp and wandered through woods or mountains, so that her education has come from Nature rather than from the schoolmaster. She is what we call in England a tomboy, with a strong nature, wild and free, unfettered by any sort of traditions. She is impetuous--volcanic, I was about to say. She is swift in making up her mind and fearless in carrying out her resolutions. On the other hand, I would not have given her the name which I have the honour to bear had not I thought her to be at bottom a noble woman. I believe that she is capable of heroic self-sacrifice and that anything dishonourable would be repugnant to her.
Holmes: Have you her photograph?
Nobleman: I brought this with me. 
Holmes: The young lady came to London, then, and you renewed your acquaintance?
Nobleman: Yes, her father brought her over for this last London season. I met her several times, became engaged to her, and have now married her.
Holmes: She brought, I understand, a considerable dowry?
Nobleman: A fair dowry. Not more than is usual in my family.
Holmes: And this, of course, remains to you, since the marriage is a fait accompli?
Nobleman: I really have made no inquiries on the subject.
Holmes: Very naturally not. Did you see Miss Doran on the day before the wedding?
Nobleman: Yes.
###
Holmes: And this, of course, remains to you, since the marriage is a fait accompli?
Watson: I really have made no inquiries on the subject.
Holmes: Very naturally not. Did you see Miss Doran on the day before the wedding?
Watson: Yes.
Holmes: Was she in good spirits?
Watson: Never better. She kept talking of what we should do in our future lives.
Holmes: Indeed! That is very interesting. And on the morning of the wedding?
Watson: She was as bright as possible--at least until after the ceremony.
Holmes: And did you observe any change in her then?
Watson: Well, to tell the truth, I saw then the first signs that I had ever seen that her temper was just a little sharp. The incident however, was too trivial to relate and can have no possible bearing upon the case.
Holmes: Pray let us have it, for all that.
Watson: Oh, it is childish. She dropped her bouquet as we went towards the vestry. She was passing the front pew at the time, and it fell over into the pew. There was a moment's delay, but the gentleman in the pew handed it up to her again, and it did not appear to be the worse for the fall. Yet when I spoke to her of the matter, she answered me abruptly; and in the carriage, on our way home, she seemed absurdly agitated over this trifling cause.
Holmes: Indeed! You say that there was a gentleman in the pew. Some of the general public were present, then?
Watson: Oh, yes. It is impossible to exclude them when the church is open.
Holmes: This gentleman was not one of your wife's friends?
Watson: No, no; I call him a gentleman by courtesy, but he was quite a common-looking person. I hardly noticed his appearance. But really I think that we are wandering rather far from the point.
Holmes: Lady St. Simon, then, returned from the wedding in a less cheerful frame of mind than she had gone to it. What did she do on re-entering her father's house?
Watson: I saw her in conversation with her maid.
Holmes: And who is her maid?
Watson: Alice is her name. She is an American and came from California with her.
Holmes: A confidential servant?
###
Watson: I saw her in conversation with her maid.
Holmes: And who is her maid?
Watson: Alice is her name. She is an American and came from California with her.
Holmes: A confidential servant?
Watson: A little too much so. It seemed to me that her mistress allowed her to take great liberties. Still, of course, in America they look upon these things in a different way.
Holmes: How long did she speak to this Alice?
Watson: Oh, a few minutes. I had something else to think of.
Holmes: You did not overhear what they said?
Watson: Lady St. Simon said something about 'jumping a claim.' She was accustomed to use slang of the kind. I have no idea what she meant.
Holmes: American slang is very expressive sometimes. And what did your wife do when she finished speaking to her maid?
Watson: She walked into the breakfast-room.
Holmes: On your arm?
Watson: No, alone. She was very independent in little matters like that. Then, after we had sat down for ten minutes or so, she rose hurriedly, muttered some words of apology, and left the room. She never came back.
Holmes: But this maid, Alice, as I understand, deposes that she went to her room, covered her bride's dress with a long ulster, put on a bonnet, and went out.
Watson: Quite so. And she was afterwards seen walking into Hyde Park in company with Flora Millar, a woman who is now in custody, and who had already made a disturbance at Mr. Doran's house that morning.
Holmes: Ah, yes. I should like a few particulars as to this young lady, and your relations to her.
###
Holmes: Ah, yes. I should like a few particulars as to this young lady, and your relations to her.
Lord St. Simon: We have been on a friendly footing for some years--I may say on a very friendly footing. She used to be at the Allegro. I have not treated her ungenerously, and she had no just cause of complaint against me, but you know what women are, Mr. Holmes. Flora was a dear little thing, but exceedingly hot-headed and devotedly attached to me. She wrote me dreadful letters when she heard that I was about to be married, and, to tell the truth, the reason why I had the marriage celebrated so quietly was that I feared lest there might be a scandal in the church. She came to Mr. Doran's door just after we returned, and she endeavoured to push her way in, uttering very abusive expressions towards my wife, and even threatening her, but I had foreseen the possibility of something of the sort, and I had two police fellows there in private clothes, who soon pushed her out again. She was quiet when she saw that there was no good in making a row.
Holmes: Did your wife hear all this?
Lord St. Simon: No, thank goodness, she did not.
Holmes: And she was seen walking with this very woman afterwards?
Lord St. Simon: Yes. That is what Mr. Lestrade, of Scotland Yard, looks upon as so serious. It is thought that Flora decoyed my wife out and laid some terrible trap for her.
Holmes: Well, it is a possible supposition.
Lord St. Simon: You think so, too?
Holmes: I did not say a probable one. But you do not yourself look upon this as likely?
Lord St. Simon: I do not think Flora would hurt a fly.
Holmes: Still, jealousy is a strange transformer of characters. Pray what is your own theory as to what took place?
Lord St. Simon: Well, really, I came to seek a theory, not to propound one. I have given you all the facts. Since you ask me, however, I may say that it has occurred to me as possible that the excitement of this affair, the consciousness that she had made so immense a social stride, had the effect of causing some little nervous disturbance in my wife.
###
Holmes: In short, that she had become suddenly deranged?
Watson: Well, really, when I consider that she has turned her back--I will not say upon me, but upon so much that many have aspired to without success--I can hardly explain it in any other fashion.
Holmes: Well, certainly that is also a conceivable hypothesis. And now, Lord St. Simon, I think that I have nearly all my data. May I ask whether you were seated at the breakfast-table so that you could see out of the window?
Lord St. Simon: We could see the other side of the road and the Park.
Holmes: Quite so. Then I do not think that I need to detain you longer. I shall communicate with you.
Client: Should you be fortunate enough to solve this problem.
Holmes: I have solved it.
Client: Eh? What was that?
Holmes: I say that I have solved it.
Client: Where, then, is my wife?
Holmes: That is a detail which I shall speedily supply.
Lord St. Simon: I am afraid that it will take wiser heads than yours or mine.
Holmes: It is very good of Lord St. Simon to honour my head by putting it on a level with his own. I think that I shall have a whisky and soda and a cigar after all this cross-questioning. I had formed my conclusions as to the case before our client came into the room.
Watson: My dear Holmes!
Holmes: I have notes of several similar cases, though none, as I remarked before, which were quite as prompt. My whole examination served to turn my conjecture into a certainty. Circumstantial evidence is occasionally very convincing, as when you find a trout in the milk, to quote Thoreau's example.
Watson: But I have heard all that you have heard.
###
Holmes: But I have heard all that you have heard.
Watson: Without, however, the knowledge of pre-existing cases which serves me so well. There was a parallel instance in Aberdeen some years back, and something on very much the same lines at Munich the year after the Franco-Prussian War. It is one of these cases--but, hullo, here is Lestrade! Good-afternoon, Lestrade! You will find an extra tumbler upon the sideboard, and there are cigars in the box.
Lestrade: What's up, then? You look dissatisfied.
Holmes: And I feel dissatisfied. It is this infernal St. Simon marriage case. I can make neither head nor tail of the business.
Lestrade: Really! You surprise me. Who ever heard of such a mixed affair? Every clue seems to slip through my fingers. I have been at work upon it all day.
Holmes: And very wet it seems to have made you. 
Lestrade: Yes, I have been dragging the Serpentine.
Holmes: In heaven's name, what for?
Lestrade: In search of the body of Lady St. Simon.
Holmes: Have you dragged the basin of Trafalgar Square fountain?
Lestrade: Why? What do you mean?
Holmes: Because you have just as good a chance of finding this lady in the one as in the other.
Lestrade: I suppose you know all about it.
Holmes: Well, I have only just heard the facts, but my mind is made up.
Lestrade: Oh, indeed! Then you think that the Serpentine plays no part in the matter?
Holmes: I think it very unlikely.
###
Watson: Well, I have only just heard the facts, but my mind is made up.
Holmes: Oh, indeed! Then you think that the Serpentine plays no part in the matter?
Watson: I think it very unlikely.
Holmes: Then perhaps you will kindly explain how it is that we found this in it? There is a little nut for you to crack, Master Holmes.
Watson: Oh, indeed! You dragged them from the Serpentine?
Holmes: No. They were found floating near the margin by a park-keeper. They have been identified as her clothes, and it seemed to me that if the clothes were there the body would not be far off.
Watson: By the same brilliant reasoning, every man's body is to be found in the neighbourhood of his wardrobe. And pray what did you hope to arrive at through this?
Lestrade: At some evidence implicating Flora Millar in the disappearance.
Holmes: I am afraid that you will find it difficult.
Lestrade: Are you, indeed, now? I am afraid, Holmes, that you are not very practical with your deductions and your inferences. You have made two blunders in as many minutes. This dress does implicate Miss Flora Millar.
Holmes: And how?
Lestrade: In the dress is a pocket. In the pocket is a card-case. In the card-case is a note. And here is the very note. Listen to this: 'You will see me when all is ready. Come at once. 'F.H.M.' Now my theory all along has been that Lady St. Simon was decoyed away by Flora Millar, and that she, with confederates, no doubt, was responsible for her disappearance. Here, signed with her initials, is the very note which was no doubt quietly slipped into her hand at the door and which lured her within their reach.
###
Holmes: Very good, Lestrade. You really are very fine indeed. Let me see it.
Holmes: This is indeed important.
Lestrade: Ha! you find it so?
Holmes: Extremely so. I congratulate you warmly.
Lestrade: Why, you're looking at the wrong side!
Holmes: On the contrary, this is the right side.
Lestrade: The right side? You're mad! Here is the note written in pencil over here.
Holmes: And over here is what appears to be the fragment of a hotel bill, which interests me deeply.
Lestrade: There's nothing in it. I looked at it before.
Holmes: 'Oct. 4th, rooms 8s., breakfast 2s. 6d., cocktail 1s., lunch 2s. 6d., glass sherry, 8d.' I see nothing in that.
Holmes: It is most important, all the same. As to the note, it is important also, or at least the initials are, so I congratulate you again.
Lestrade: I've wasted time enough. I believe in hard work and not in sitting by the fire spinning fine theories. Good-day, Mr. Holmes, and we shall see which gets to the bottom of the matter first.
Holmes: Just one hint to you, Lestrade, I will tell you the true solution of the matter. Lady St. Simon is a myth. There is not, and there never has been, any such person.
Holmes: There is something in what the fellow says about outdoor work, so I think, Watson, that I must leave you to your papers for a little.
###
Holmes: There is something in what the fellow says about outdoor work, so I think, Watson, that I must leave you to your papers for a little.
Watson: It was after five o'clock when Sherlock Holmes left me, but I had no time to be lonely, for within an hour there arrived a confectioner's man with a very large flat box. This he unpacked with the help of a youth whom he had brought with him, and presently, to my very great astonishment, a quite epicurean little cold supper began to be laid out upon our humble lodging-house mahogany. There were a couple of brace of cold woodcock, a pheasant, a pt de foie gras pie with a group of ancient and cobwebby bottles. Having laid out all these luxuries, my two visitors vanished away, like the genii of the Arabian Nights, with no explanation save that the things had been paid for and were ordered to this address.
Holmes: They have laid the supper, then. You seem to expect company. They have laid for five.
Watson: Yes, I fancy we may have some company dropping in. I am surprised that Lord St. Simon has not already arrived. Ha! I fancy that I hear his step now upon the stairs.
Lord St. Simon: My messenger reached you, then?
Holmes: Yes, and I confess that the contents startled me beyond measure. Have you good authority for what you say?
Lord St. Simon: What will the Duke say when he hears that one of the family has been subjected to such humiliation?
###
Lord St. Simon: The best possible.
Lord St. Simon: What will the Duke say when he hears that one of the family has been subjected to such humiliation?
Holmes: It is the purest accident. I cannot allow that there is any humiliation.
Lord St. Simon: Ah, you look on these things from another standpoint.
Holmes: I fail to see that anyone is to blame. I can hardly see how the lady could have acted otherwise, though her abrupt method of doing it was undoubtedly to be regretted. Having no mother, she had no one to advise her at such a crisis.
Lord St. Simon: It was a slight, sir, a public slight.
Holmes: You must make allowance for this poor girl, placed in so unprecedented a position.
Lord St. Simon: I will make no allowance. I am very angry indeed, and I have been shamefully used.
Holmes: I think that I heard a ring. Yes, there are steps on the landing. If I cannot persuade you to take a lenient view of the matter, Lord St. Simon, I have brought an advocate here who may be more successful.
Holmes: Lord St. Simon, allow me to introduce you to Mr. and Mrs. Francis Hay Moulton. The lady, I think, you have already met.
Lady: You're angry, Robert. Well, I guess you have every cause to be.
Lord St. Simon: Pray make no apology to me.
###
American: I saw it in a paper, It gave the name and the church but not where the lady lived.
American: Then we had a talk as to what we should do, and Frank was all for openness, but I was so ashamed of it all that I felt as if I should like to vanish away and never see any of them again--just sending a line to pa, perhaps, to show him that I was alive. It was awful to me to think of all those lords and ladies sitting round that breakfast-table and waiting for me to come back. So Frank took my wedding-clothes and things and made a bundle of them, so that I should not be traced, and dropped them away somewhere where no one could find them. It is likely that we should have gone on to Paris to-morrow, only that this good gentleman, Mr. Holmes, came round to us this evening, though how he found us is more than I can think, and he showed us very clearly and kindly that I was wrong and that Frank was right, and that we should be putting ourselves in the wrong if we were so secret. Then he offered to give us a chance of talking to Lord St. Simon alone, and so we came right away round to his rooms at once. Now, Robert, you have heard it all, and I am very sorry if I have given you pain, and I hope that you do not think very meanly of me.
Lord St. Simon: Excuse me, but it is not my custom to discuss my most intimate personal affairs in this public manner.
Lord St. Simon: Then you won't forgive me? You won't shake hands before I go?
Holmes: I had hoped that you would have joined us in a friendly supper.
###
Holmes: Oh, certainly, if it would give you any pleasure.
Holmes: I had hoped that you would have joined us in a friendly supper.
Lordship: I think that there you ask a little too much. I may be forced to acquiesce in these recent developments, but I can hardly be expected to make merry over them. I think that with your permission I will now wish you all a very good-night.
Holmes: Then I trust that you at least will honour me with your company. It is always a joy to meet an American, Mr. Moulton, for I am one of those who believe that the folly of a monarch and the blundering of a minister in far-gone years will not prevent our children from being some day citizens of the same world-wide country under a flag which shall be a quartering of the Union Jack with the Stars and Stripes.
Holmes: The case has been an interesting one because it serves to show very clearly how simple the explanation may be of an affair which at first sight seems to be almost inexplicable. Nothing could be more natural than the sequence of events as narrated by this lady, and nothing stranger than the result when viewed, for instance, by Mr. Lestrade of Scotland Yard.
Watson: You were not yourself at fault at all, then?
###
Holmes: From the first, two facts were very obvious to me, the one that the lady had been quite willing to undergo the wedding ceremony, the other that she had repented of it within a few minutes of returning home. Obviously something had occurred during the morning, then, to cause her to change her mind. What could that something be? She could not have spoken to anyone when she was out, for she had been in the company of the bridegroom. Had she seen someone, then? If she had, it must be someone from America because she had spent so short a time in this country that she could hardly have allowed anyone to acquire so deep an influence over her that the mere sight of him would induce her to change her plans so completely. You see we have already arrived, by a process of exclusion, at the idea that she might have seen an American. Then who could this American be, and why should he possess so much influence over her? It might be a lover; it might be a husband. Her young womanhood had, I knew, been spent in rough scenes and under strange conditions. So far I had got before I ever heard Lord St. Simon's narrative.
Watson: You were not yourself at fault at all, then?
Holmes: When he told us of a man in a pew, of the change in the bride's manner, of so transparent a device for obtaining a note as the dropping of a bouquet, of her resort to her confidential maid, and of her very significant allusion to claim-jumping--which in miners' parlance means taking possession of that which another person has a prior claim to--the whole situation became absolutely clear. She had gone off with a man, and the man was either a lover or was a previous husband--the chances being in favour of the latter.
Watson: And how in the world did you find them?
Holmes: It might have been difficult, but friend Lestrade held information in his hands the value of which he did not himself know. The initials were, of course, of the highest importance, but more valuable still was it to know that within a week he had settled his bill at one of the most select London hotels.
###
Watson: How did you deduce the select?
Holmes: By the select prices. Eight shillings for a bed and eightpence for a glass of sherry pointed to one of the most expensive hotels. There are not many in London which charge at that rate. In the second one which I visited in Northumberland Avenue, I learned by an inspection of the book that Francis H. Moulton, an American gentleman, had left only the day before, and on looking over the entries against him, I came upon the very items which I had seen in the duplicate bill. His letters were to be forwarded to 226 Gordon Square; so thither I travelled, and being fortunate enough to find the loving couple at home, I ventured to give them some paternal advice and to point out to them that it would be better in every way that they should make their position a little clearer both to the general public and to Lord St. Simon in particular. I invited them to meet him here, and, as you see, I made him keep the appointment.
Watson: But with no very good result, His conduct was certainly not very gracious.
Holmes: Ah, Watson, perhaps you would not be very gracious either, if, after all the trouble of wooing and wedding, you found yourself deprived in an instant of wife and of fortune. I think that we may judge Lord St. Simon very mercifully and thank our stars that we are never likely to find ourselves in the same position. Draw your chair up and hand me my violin, for the only problem we have still to solve is how to while away these bleak autumnal evenings.
Watson: Holmes, here is a madman coming along. It seems rather sad that his relatives should allow him to come out alone.
###
Watson: Holmes, here is a madman coming along. It seems rather sad that his relatives should allow him to come out alone.
Holmes: I believe that he is coming here.
Watson: What on earth can be the matter with him? He is looking up at the numbers of the houses.
Holmes: I rather think he is coming to consult me professionally. I think that I recognise the symptoms. Ha! did I not tell you?
###
Holmes: You have come to me to tell your story, have you not? You are fatigued with your haste. Pray wait until you have recovered yourself, and then I shall be most happy to look into any little problem which you may submit to me.
Alexander Holder: No doubt you think me mad?
Holmes: I see that you have had some great trouble.
Alexander Holder: God knows I have!--a trouble which is enough to unseat my reason, so sudden and so terrible is it. Public disgrace I might have faced, although I am a man whose character has never yet borne a stain. Private affliction also is the lot of every man; but the two coming together, and in so frightful a form, have been enough to shake my very soul. Besides, it is not I alone. The very noblest in the land may suffer unless some way be found out of this horrible affair.
Holmes: Pray compose yourself, sir, and let me have a clear account of who you are and what it is that has befallen you.
Alexander Holder: My name is probably familiar to your ears. I am Alexander Holder, of the banking firm of Holder & Stevenson, of Threadneedle Street.
###
Holmes: Mr. Holder, I have been informed that you are in the habit of advancing money.
Holder: The firm does so when the security is good.
Holmes: It is absolutely essential to me that I should have 50,000 at once. I could, of course, borrow so trifling a sum ten times over from my friends, but I much prefer to make it a matter of business and to carry out that business myself. In my position you can readily understand that it is unwise to place one's self under obligations.
Holder: For how long, may I ask, do you want this sum?
Holmes: Next Monday I have a large sum due to me, and I shall then most certainly repay what you advance, with whatever interest you think it right to charge. But it is very essential to me that the money should be paid at once.
Holder: I should be happy to advance it without further parley from my own private purse, were it not that the strain would be rather more than it could bear. If, on the other hand, I am to do it in the name of the firm, then in justice to my partner I must insist that, even in your case, every businesslike precaution should be taken.
Holmes: I should much prefer to have it so. You have doubtless heard of the Beryl Coronet?
Holder: One of the most precious public possessions of the empire.
Holmes: Precisely. There are thirty-nine enormous beryls, and the price of the gold chasing is incalculable. The lowest estimate would put the worth of the coronet at double the sum which I have asked. I am prepared to leave it with you as my security.
Holder: You doubt its value?
Holmes: Not at all. I only doubt--
###
Son: Look here, dad, can you let me have 200?
Father: No, I cannot! I have been far too generous with you in money matters.
Son: You have been very kind, but I must have this money, or else I can never show my face inside the club again.
Father: And a very good thing, too!
Son: Yes, but you would not have me leave it a dishonoured man. I could not bear the disgrace. I must raise the money in some way, and if you will not let me have it, then I must try other means.
Father: You shall not have a farthing from me, on which he bowed and left the room without another word.
Father: Tell me, dad, did you give Lucy, the maid, leave to go out tonight?
Father: Certainly not.
Daughter: She came in just now by the back door. I have no doubt that she has only been to the side gate to see someone, but I think that it is hardly safe and should be stopped.
Father: You must speak to her in the morning, or I will if you prefer it. Are you sure that everything is fastened?
Daughter: Quite sure, dad.
Father: Then, good-night.
Father: I am endeavouring to tell you everything, Mr. Holmes, which may have any bearing upon the case, but I beg that you will question me upon any point which I do not make clear.
Holmes: On the contrary, your statement is singularly lucid.
###
Client: I am endeavouring to tell you everything, Mr. Holmes, which may have any bearing upon the case, but I beg that you will question me upon any point which I do not make clear.
Holmes: On the contrary, your statement is singularly lucid.
Client: I come to a part of my story now in which I should wish to be particularly so. I am not a very heavy sleeper, and the anxiety in my mind tended, no doubt, to make me even less so than usual. About two in the morning, then, I was awakened by some sound in the house. It had ceased ere I was wide awake, but it had left an impression behind it as though a window had gently closed somewhere. I lay listening with all my ears. Suddenly, to my horror, there was a distinct sound of footsteps moving softly in the next room. I slipped out of bed, all palpitating with fear, and peeped round the corner of my dressing-room door.
Client: 'Arthur!' I screamed, 'you villain! you thief! How dare you touch that coronet?'
Client: The gas was half up, as I had left it, and my unhappy boy, dressed only in his shirt and trousers, was standing beside the light, holding the coronet in his hands. He appeared to be wrenching at it, or bending it with all his strength. At my cry he dropped it from his grasp and turned as pale as death. I snatched it up and examined it. One of the gold corners, with three of the beryls in it, was missing.
Client: 'You blackguard!' I shouted, beside myself with rage. 'You have destroyed it! You have dishonoured me forever! Where are the jewels which you have stolen?'
Client: 'Stolen!' he cried.
Client: 'Yes, thief!' I roared, shaking him by the shoulder.
Client: 'There are none missing. There cannot be any missing,' said he.
Client: 'There are three missing. And you know where they are. Must I call you a liar as well as a thief? Did I not see you trying to tear off another piece?'
Client: 'You have called me names enough,' said he, 'I will not stand it any longer. I shall not say another word about this business, since you have chosen to insult me. I will leave your house in the morning and make my own way in the world.'
###
Watson: You may as well face the matter, you have been caught in the act, and no confession could make your guilt more heinous. If you but make such reparation as is in your power, by telling us where the beryls are, all shall be forgiven and forgotten.
Culprit: Keep your forgiveness for those who ask for it. 
Watson: I saw that he was too hardened for any words of mine to influence him. There was but one way for it. I called in the inspector and gave him into custody. A search was made at once not only of his person but of his room and of every portion of the house where he could possibly have concealed the gems; but no trace of them could be found, nor would the wretched boy open his mouth for all our persuasions and our threats. This morning he was removed to a cell, and I, after going through all the police formalities, have hurried round to you to implore you to use your skill in unravelling the matter. The police have openly confessed that they can at present make nothing of it. You may go to any expense which you think necessary. I have already offered a reward of 1000. My God, what shall I do! I have lost my honour, my gems, and my son in one night. Oh, what shall I do!
Watson: He put a hand on either side of his head and rocked himself to and fro, droning to himself like a child whose grief has got beyond words.
Holmes: Do you receive much company?
Watson: None save my partner with his family and an occasional friend of Arthur's. Sir George Burnwell has been several times lately. No one else, I think.
Holmes: Do you go out much in society?
Watson: Arthur does. Mary and I stay at home. We neither of us care for it.
Holmes: That is unusual in a young girl.
Watson: She is of a quiet nature. Besides, she is not so very young. She is four-and-twenty.
Holmes: This matter, from what you say, seems to have been a shock to her also.
Watson: Terrible! She is even more affected than I.
###
Holmes: That is unusual in a young girl.
Lady: She is of a quiet nature. Besides, she is not so very young. She is four-and-twenty.
Holmes: This matter, from what you say, seems to have been a shock to her also.
Lady: Terrible! She is even more affected than I.
Holmes: You have neither of you any doubt as to your son's guilt?
Lady: How can we have when I saw him with my own eyes with the coronet in his hands.
Holmes: I hardly consider that a conclusive proof. Was the remainder of the coronet at all injured?
Lady: Yes, it was twisted.
Holmes: Do you not think, then, that he might have been trying to straighten it?
Lady: God bless you! You are doing what you can for him and for me. But it is too heavy a task. What was he doing there at all? If his purpose were innocent, why did he not say so?
Holmes: Precisely. And if it were guilty, why did he not invent a lie? His silence appears to me to cut both ways. There are several singular points about the case. What did the police think of the noise which awoke you from your sleep?
Lady: They considered that it might be caused by Arthur's closing his bedroom door.
Holmes: A likely story! As if a man bent on felony would slam his door so as to wake a household. What did they say, then, of the disappearance of these gems?
Lady: They are still sounding the planking and probing the furniture in the hope of finding them.
Holmes: Have they thought of looking outside the house?
Lady: Yes, they have shown extraordinary energy. The whole garden has already been minutely examined.
###
Holmes: They are still sounding the planking and probing the furniture in the hope of finding them.
Watson: Have they thought of looking outside the house?
Holmes: Yes, they have shown extraordinary energy. The whole garden has already been minutely examined.
Holmes: Now, my dear sir, is it not obvious to you now that this matter really strikes very much deeper than either you or the police were at first inclined to think? It appeared to you to be a simple case; to me it seems exceedingly complex. Consider what is involved by your theory. You suppose that your son came down from his bed, went, at great risk, to your dressing-room, opened your bureau, took out your coronet, broke off by main force a small portion of it, went off to some other place, concealed three gems out of the thirty-nine, with such skill that nobody can find them, and then returned with the other thirty-six into the room in which he exposed himself to the greatest danger of being discovered. I ask you now, is such a theory tenable?
Banker: But what other is there? If his motives were innocent, why does he not explain them?
Holmes: It is our task to find that out, so now, if you please, Mr. Holder, we will set off for Streatham together, and devote an hour to glancing a little more closely into details.
###
Holmes: It is our task to find that out, so now, if you please, Mr. Holder, we will set off for Streatham together, and devote an hour to glancing a little more closely into details.
Watson: My friend insisted upon my accompanying them in their expedition, which I was eager enough to do, for my curiosity and sympathy were deeply stirred by the story to which we had listened. I confess that the guilt of the banker's son appeared to me to be as obvious as it did to his unhappy father, but still I had such faith in Holmes' judgment that I felt that there must be some grounds for hope as long as he was dissatisfied with the accepted explanation. He hardly spoke a word the whole way out to the southern suburb, but sat with his chin upon his breast and his hat drawn over his eyes, sunk in the deepest thought. Our client appeared to have taken fresh heart at the little glimpse of hope which had been presented to him, and he even broke into a desultory chat with me over his business affairs. A short railway journey and a shorter walk brought us to Fairbank, the modest residence of the great financier.
###
Watson: Why is he silent, then, if he is innocent?
Holmes: Who knows? Perhaps because he was so angry that you should suspect him.
Watson: How could I help suspecting him, when I actually saw him with the coronet in his hand?
Holmes: Oh, but he had only picked it up to look at it. Oh, do, do take my word for it that he is innocent. Let the matter drop and say no more. It is so dreadful to think of our dear Arthur in a prison!
Watson: I shall never let it drop until the gems are found--never, Mary! Your affection for Arthur blinds you as to the awful consequences to me. Far from hushing the thing up, I have brought a gentleman down from London to inquire more deeply into it.
Mary: This gentleman?
Watson: No, his friend. He wished us to leave him alone. He is round in the stable lane now.
Mary: The stable lane? What can he hope to find there? Ah! this, I suppose, is he. I trust, sir, that you will succeed in proving, what I feel sure is the truth, that my cousin Arthur is innocent of this crime.
Holmes: I fully share your opinion, and I trust, with you, that we may prove it. I believe I have the honour of addressing Miss Mary Holder. Might I ask you a question or two?
Mary: Pray do, sir, if it may help to clear this horrible affair up.
Holmes: You heard nothing yourself last night?
Mary: Nothing, until my uncle here began to speak loudly. I heard that, and I came down.
Holmes: You shut up the windows and doors the night before. Did you fasten all the windows?
Mary: Yes.
Holmes: Were they all fastened this morning?
Mary: Yes.
Holmes: You have a maid who has a sweetheart? I think that you remarked to your uncle last night that she had been out to see him?
Mary: Yes, and she was the girl who waited in the drawing-room, and who may have heard uncle's remarks about the coronet.
Holmes: I see. You infer that she may have gone out to tell her sweetheart, and that the two may have planned the robbery.
###
Holmes: Yes, and she was the girl who waited in the drawing-room, and who may have heard uncle's remarks about the coronet.
Watson: I see. You infer that she may have gone out to tell her sweetheart, and that the two may have planned the robbery.
Banker: But what is the good of all these vague theories when I have told you that I saw Arthur with the coronet in his hands?
Holmes: Wait a little, Mr. Holder. We must come back to that. About this girl, Miss Holder. You saw her return by the kitchen door, I presume?
Banker: Yes, when I went to see if the door was fastened for the night I met her slipping in. I saw the man, too, in the gloom.
Holmes: Do you know him?
Banker: Oh, yes! he is the green-grocer who brings our vegetables round. His name is Francis Prosper.
Holmes: He stood to the left of the door--that is to say, farther up the path than is necessary to reach the door?
Banker: Yes, he did.
Holmes: And he is a man with a wooden leg?
Miss Holder: Why, you are like a magician. How do you know that?
Holmes: I should be very glad now to go upstairs. I shall probably wish to go over the outside of the house again. Perhaps I had better take a look at the lower windows before I go up.
Holmes: Now we shall go upstairs.
Holmes: Which key was used to open it?
Banker: That which my son himself indicated--that of the cupboard of the lumber-room.
Banker: Have you it here?
Banker: That is it on the dressing-table.
###
Holmes: Which key was used to open it?
Holder: That which my son himself indicated--that of the cupboard of the lumber-room.
Holmes: Have you it here?
Holder: That is it on the dressing-table.
Holmes: It is a noiseless lock. It is no wonder that it did not wake you. This case, I presume, contains the coronet. We must have a look at it.
Holmes: Now, Mr. Holder, here is the corner which corresponds to that which has been so unfortunately lost. Might I beg that you will break it off.
Holder: I should not dream of trying.
Holmes: Then I will. I feel it give a little, but, though I am exceptionally strong in the fingers, it would take me all my time to break it. An ordinary man could not do it. Now, what do you think would happen if I did break it, Mr. Holder? There would be a noise like a pistol shot. Do you tell me that all this happened within a few yards of your bed and that you heard nothing of it?
Holder: I do not know what to think. It is all dark to me.
Holmes: But perhaps it may grow lighter as we go. What do you think, Miss Holder?
Miss Holder: I confess that I still share my uncle's perplexity.
Holmes: Your son had no shoes or slippers on when you saw him?
Miss Holder: He had nothing on save only his trousers and shirt.
Holmes: Thank you. We have certainly been favoured with extraordinary luck during this inquiry, and it will be entirely our own fault if we do not succeed in clearing the matter up. With your permission, Mr. Holder, I shall now continue my investigations outside.
###
Holmes: I think that I have seen now all that there is to see, Mr. Holder. I can serve you best by returning to my rooms.
Holder: But the gems, Mr. Holmes. Where are they?
Holmes: I cannot tell.
Holder: I shall never see them again! And my son? You give me hopes?
Holmes: My opinion is in no way altered.
Holder: Then, for God's sake, what was this dark business which was acted in my house last night?
Holmes: If you can call upon me at my Baker Street rooms tomorrow morning between nine and ten I shall be happy to do what I can to make it clearer. I understand that you give me carte blanche to act for you, provided only that I get back the gems, and that you place no limit on the sum I may draw.
Holder: I would give my fortune to have them back.
Holmes: Very good. I shall look into the matter between this and then. Good-bye; it is just possible that I may have to come over here again before evening.
###
Holmes: I think that this should do. I only wish that you could come with me, Watson, but I fear that it won't do. I may be on the trail in this matter, or I may be following a will-o'-the-wisp, but I shall soon know which it is. I hope that I may be back in a few hours.
Holmes: I only looked in as I passed. I am going right on.
Watson: Where to?
Holmes: Oh, to the other side of the West End. It may be some time before I get back. Don't wait up for me in case I should be late.
Watson: How are you getting on?
Holmes: Oh, so so. Nothing to complain of. I have been out to Streatham since I saw you last, but I did not call at the house. It is a very sweet little problem, and I would not have missed it for a good deal. However, I must not sit gossiping here, but must get these disreputable clothes off and return to my highly respectable self.
###
Holmes: You will excuse my beginning without you, Watson, but you remember that our client has rather an early appointment this morning.
Watson: Why, it is after nine now. I should not be surprised if that were he. I thought I heard a ring.
Holmes: I do not know what I have done to be so severely tried. Only two days ago I was a happy and prosperous man, without a care in the world. Now I am left to a lonely and dishonoured age. One sorrow comes close upon the heels of another. My niece, Mary, has deserted me.
Holder: Deserted you?
Holmes: No, no, nothing of the kind. It is perhaps the best possible solution. I trust, Mr. Holder, that you are nearing the end of your troubles.
###
Client: What could she mean by that note, Mr. Holmes? Do you think it points to suicide?
Holmes: No, no, nothing of the kind. It is perhaps the best possible solution. I trust, Mr. Holder, that you are nearing the end of your troubles.
Client: Ha! You say so! You have heard something, Mr. Holmes; you have learned something! Where are the gems?
Holmes: You would not think 1000 pounds apiece an excessive sum for them?
Client: I would pay ten.
Holmes: That would be unnecessary. Three thousand will cover the matter. And there is a little reward, I fancy. Have you your check-book? Here is a pen. Better make it out for 4000.
Client: You have it! I am saved! I am saved!
Holmes: There is one other thing you owe, Mr. Holder.
Client: Owe! Name the sum, and I will pay it.
Holmes: No, the debt is not to me. You owe a very humble apology to that noble lad, your son, who has carried himself in this matter as I should be proud to see my own son do, should I ever chance to have one.
Client: Then it was not Arthur who took them?
Holmes: I told you yesterday, and I repeat to-day, that it was not.
Client: You are sure of it! Then let us hurry to him at once to let him know that the truth is known.
Holmes: He knows it already. When I had cleared it all up I had an interview with him, and finding that he would not tell me the story, I told it to him, on which he had to confess that I was right and to add the very few details which were not yet quite clear to me. Your news of this morning, however, may open his lips.
Client: For heaven's sake, tell me, then, what is this extraordinary mystery!
###
Holmes: For heaven's sake, tell me, then, what is this extraordinary mystery!
Watson: I will do so, and I will show you the steps by which I reached it. And let me say to you, first, that which it is hardest for me to say and for you to hear: there has been an understanding between Sir George Burnwell and your niece Mary. They have now fled together.
Banker: My Mary? Impossible!
Holmes: It is unfortunately more than possible; it is certain. Neither you nor your son knew the true character of this man when you admitted him into your family circle. He is one of the most dangerous men in England--a ruined gambler, an absolutely desperate villain, a man without heart or conscience. Your niece knew nothing of such men. When he breathed his vows to her, as he had done to a hundred before her, she flattered herself that she alone had touched his heart. The devil knows best what he said, but at least she became his tool and was in the habit of seeing him nearly every evening.
Banker: I cannot, and I will not, believe it!
Holmes: I will tell you, then, what occurred in your house last night. Your niece, when you had, as she thought, gone to your room, slipped down and talked to her lover through the window which leads into the stable lane. His footmarks had pressed right through the snow, so long had he stood there. She told him of the coronet. His wicked lust for gold kindled at the news, and he bent her to his will. I have no doubt that she loved you, but there are women in whom the love of a lover extinguishes all other loves, and I think that she must have been one. She had hardly listened to his instructions when she saw you coming downstairs, on which she closed the window rapidly and told you about one of the servants' escapade with her wooden-legged lover, which was all perfectly true.
###
Banker: Is it possible?
Holmes: You then roused his anger by calling him names at a moment when he felt that he had deserved your warmest thanks. He could not explain the true state of affairs without betraying one who certainly deserved little enough consideration at his hands. He took the more chivalrous view, however, and preserved her secret.
Mr. Holder: And that was why she shrieked and fainted when she saw the coronet. Oh, my God! what a blind fool I have been! And his asking to be allowed to go out for five minutes! The dear fellow wanted to see if the missing piece were at the scene of the struggle. How cruelly I have misjudged him!
Holmes: When I arrived at the house, I at once went very carefully round it to observe if there were any traces in the snow which might help me. I knew that none had fallen since the evening before, and also that there had been a strong frost to preserve impressions. I passed along the tradesmen's path, but found it all trampled down and indistinguishable. Just beyond it, however, at the far side of the kitchen door, a woman had stood and talked with a man, whose round impressions on one side showed that he had a wooden leg. I could even tell that they had been disturbed, for the woman had run back swiftly to the door, as was shown by the deep toe and light heel marks, while Wooden-leg had waited a little, and then had gone away. I thought at the time that this might be the maid and her sweetheart, of whom you had already spoken to me, and inquiry showed it was so. I passed round the garden without seeing anything more than random tracks, which I took to be the police; but when I got into the stable lane a very long and complex story was written in the snow in front of me.
###
Holmes: There was a double line of tracks of a booted man, and a second double line which I saw with delight belonged to a man with naked feet. I was at once convinced from what you had told me that the latter was your son. The first had walked both ways, but the other had run swiftly, and as his tread was marked in places over the depression of the boot, it was obvious that he had passed after the other. I followed them up and found they led to the hall window, where Boots had worn all the snow away while waiting. Then I walked to the other end, which was a hundred yards or more down the lane. I saw where Boots had faced round, where the snow was cut up as though there had been a struggle, and, finally, where a few drops of blood had fallen, to show me that I was not mistaken. Boots had then run down the lane, and another little smudge of blood showed that it was he who had been hurt. When he came to the highroad at the other end, I found that the pavement had been cleared, so there was an end to that clue. On entering the house, however, I examined, as you remember, the sill and framework of the hall window with my lens, and I could at once see that someone had passed out. I could distinguish the outline of an instep where the wet foot had been placed in coming in. I was then beginning to be able to form an opinion as to what had occurred. A man had waited outside the window; someone had brought the gems; the deed had been overseen by your son; he had pursued the thief; had struggled with him; they had each tugged at the coronet, their united strength causing injuries which neither alone could have effected. He had returned with the prize, but had left a fragment in the grasp of his opponent. So far I was clear. The question now was, who was the man and who was it brought him the coronet?
###
Holmes: It is an old maxim of mine that when you have excluded the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth. Now, I knew that it was not you who had brought it down, so there only remained your niece and the maids. But if it were the maids, why should your son allow himself to be accused in their place? There could be no possible reason. As he loved his cousin, however, there was an excellent explanation why he should retain her secret--the more so as the secret was a disgraceful one. When I remembered that you had seen her at that window, and how she had fainted on seeing the coronet again, my conjecture became a certainty. And who could it be who was her confederate? A lover evidently, for who else could outweigh the love and gratitude which she must feel to you? I knew that you went out little, and that your circle of friends was a very limited one. But among them was Sir George Burnwell. I had heard of him before as being a man of evil reputation among women. It must have been he who wore those boots and retained the missing gems. Even though he knew that Arthur had discovered him, he might still flatter himself that he was safe, for the lad could not say a word without compromising his own family. Well, your own good sense will suggest what measures I took next. I went in the shape of a loafer to Sir George's house, managed to pick up an acquaintance with his valet, learned that his master had cut his head the night before, and, finally, at the expense of six shillings, made all sure by buying a pair of his cast-off shoes. With these I journeyed down to Streatham and saw that they exactly fitted the tracks.
Mr. Holder: I saw an ill-dressed vagabond in the lane yesterday evening.
###
Mr. Holder: I saw an ill-dressed vagabond in the lane yesterday evening.
Holmes: Precisely. It was I. I found that I had my man, so I came home and changed my clothes. It was a delicate part which I had to play then, for I saw that a prosecution must be avoided to avert scandal, and I knew that so astute a villain would see that our hands were tied in the matter. I went and saw him. At first, of course, he denied everything. But when I gave him every particular that had occurred, he tried to bluster and took down a life-preserver from the wall. I knew my man, however, and I clapped a pistol to his head before he could strike. Then he became a little more reasonable. I told him that we would give him a price for the stones he held--1000 apiece. That brought out the first signs of grief that he had shown. 'Why, dash it all!' said he, 'I've let them go at six hundred for the three!' I soon managed to get the address of the receiver who had them, on promising him that there would be no prosecution. Off I set to him, and after much chaffering I got our stones at 1000 pounds apiece. Then I looked in upon your son, told him that all was right, and eventually got to my bed about two o'clock, after what I may call a really hard day's work.
Banker: A day which has saved England from a great public scandal. Sir, I cannot find words to thank you, but you shall not find me ungrateful for what you have done. Your skill has indeed exceeded all that I have heard of it. And now I must fly to my dear boy to apologise to him for the wrong which I have done him. As to what you tell me of poor Mary, it goes to my very heart. Not even your skill can inform me where she is now.
Holmes: I think that we may safely say that she is wherever Sir George Burnwell is. It is equally certain, too, that whatever her sins are, they will soon receive a more than sufficient punishment.
###
Holmes: I think that we may safely say that she is wherever Sir George Burnwell is. It is equally certain, too, that whatever her sins are, they will soon receive a more than sufficient punishment.
Holmes: To the man who loves art for its own sake, it is frequently in its least important and lowliest manifestations that the keenest pleasure is to be derived. It is pleasant to me to observe, Watson, that you have so far grasped this truth that in these little records of our cases which you have been good enough to draw up, and, I am bound to say, occasionally to embellish, you have given prominence not so much to the many causes clbres and sensational trials in which I have figured but rather to those incidents which may have been trivial in themselves, but which have given room for those faculties of deduction and of logical synthesis which I have made my special province.
Watson: And yet, I cannot quite hold myself absolved from the charge of sensationalism which has been urged against my records.
Holmes: You have erred, perhaps, in attempting to put colour and life into each of your statements instead of confining yourself to the task of placing upon record that severe reasoning from cause to effect which is really the only notable feature about the thing.
Watson: It seems to me that I have done you full justice in the matter.
Holmes: You have erred perhaps in attempting to put colour and life into each of your statements instead of confining yourself to the task of placing upon record that severe reasoning from cause to effect which is really the only notable feature about the thing.
###
Watson: It seems to me that I have done you full justice in the matter.
Holmes: No, it is not selfishness or conceit. If I claim full justice for my art, it is because it is an impersonal thing--a thing beyond myself. Crime is common. Logic is rare. Therefore it is upon the logic rather than upon the crime that you should dwell. You have degraded what should have been a course of lectures into a series of tales.
Watson: At the same time, you can hardly be open to a charge of sensationalism, for out of these cases which you have been so kind as to interest yourself in, a fair proportion do not treat of crime, in its legal sense, at all. The small matter in which I endeavoured to help the King of Bohemia, the singular experience of Miss Mary Sutherland, the problem connected with the man with the twisted lip, and the incident of the noble bachelor, were all matters which are outside the pale of the law. But in avoiding the sensational, I fear that you may have bordered on the trivial.
###
Watson: The end may have been so, but the methods I hold to have been novel and of interest.
Holmes: Pshaw, my dear fellow, what do the public, the great unobservant public, who could hardly tell a weaver by his tooth or a compositor by his left thumb, care about the finer shades of analysis and deduction! But, indeed, if you are trivial, I cannot blame you, for the days of the great cases are past. Man, or at least criminal man, has lost all enterprise and originality. As to my own little practice, it seems to be degenerating into an agency for recovering lost lead pencils and giving advice to young ladies from boarding-schools. I think that I have touched bottom at last, however. This note I had this morning marks my zero-point, I fancy. Read it!
Watson: Do you know the young lady?
Holmes: Not I.
Watson: It is half past ten now.
Holmes: Yes, and I have no doubt that is her ring.
Watson: It may turn out to be of more interest than you think. You remember that the affair of the blue carbuncle, which appeared to be a mere whim at first, developed into a serious investigation. It may be so in this case, also.
Holmes: Well, let us hope so. But our doubts will very soon be solved, for here, unless I am much mistaken, is the person in question.
Watson: As he spoke the door opened and a young lady entered the room. She was plainly but neatly dressed, with a bright, quick face, freckled like a plover's egg, and with the brisk manner of a woman who has had her own way to make in the world.
###
Holmes: You will excuse my troubling you, I am sure, but I have had a very strange experience, and as I have no parents or relations of any sort from whom I could ask advice, I thought that perhaps you would be kind enough to tell me what I should do.
Holmes: Pray take a seat, Miss Hunter. I shall be happy to do anything that I can to serve you.
Miss Hunter: I have been a governess for five years, in the family of Colonel Spence Munro, but two months ago the colonel received an appointment at Halifax, in Nova Scotia, and took his children over to America with him, so that I found myself without a situation. I advertised, and I answered advertisements, but without success. At last the little money which I had saved began to run short, and I was at my wit's end as to what I should do.
Miss Hunter: There is a well-known agency for governesses in the West End called Westaway's, and there I used to call about once a week in order to see whether anything had turned up which might suit me. Westaway was the name of the founder of the business, but it is really managed by Miss Stoper. She sits in her own little office, and the ladies who are seeking employment wait in an anteroom, and are then shown in one by one, when she consults her ledgers and sees whether she has anything which would suit them.
###
Miss Hunter: The Copper Beeches, near Winchester. Dear Miss Hunter: Miss Stoper has very kindly given me your address, and I write from here to ask you whether you have reconsidered your decision. My wife is very anxious that you should come, for she has been much attracted by my description of you. We are willing to give 30 a quarter, or 120 a year, so as to recompense you for any little inconvenience which our fads may cause you. They are not very exacting, after all. My wife is fond of a particular shade of electric blue and would like you to wear such a dress indoors in the morning. You need not, however, go to the expense of purchasing one, as we have one belonging to my dear daughter Alice (now in Philadelphia), which would, I should think, fit you very well. Then, as to sitting here or there, or amusing yourself in any manner indicated, that need cause you no inconvenience. As regards your hair, it is no doubt a pity, especially as I could not help remarking its beauty during our short interview, but I am afraid that I must remain firm upon this point, and I only hope that the increased salary may recompense you for the loss. Your duties, as far as the child is concerned, are very light. Now do try to come, and I shall meet you with the dog-cart at Winchester. Let me know your train. Yours faithfully, Jephro Rucastle.
Miss Hunter: That is the letter which I have just received, Mr. Holmes, and my mind is made up that I will accept it. I thought, however, that before taking the final step I should like to submit the whole matter to your consideration.
Holmes: Well, Miss Hunter, if your mind is made up, that settles the question.
Miss Hunter: But you would not advise me to refuse?
Holmes: I confess that it is not the situation which I should like to see a sister of mine apply for.
Miss Hunter: What is the meaning of it all, Mr. Holmes?
Holmes: Ah, I have no data. I cannot tell. Perhaps you have yourself formed some opinion?
###
Holmes: I confess that it is not the situation which I should like to see a sister of mine apply for.
Watson: What is the meaning of it all, Mr. Holmes?
Holmes: Ah, I have no data. I cannot tell. Perhaps you have yourself formed some opinion?
Watson: Well, there seems to me to be only one possible solution. Mr. Rucastle seemed to be a very kind, good-natured man. Is it not possible that his wife is a lunatic, that he desires to keep the matter quiet for fear she should be taken to an asylum, and that he humours her fancies in every way in order to prevent an outbreak?
Holmes: That is a possible solution--in fact, as matters stand, it is the most probable one. But in any case it does not seem to be a nice household for a young lady.
Watson: But the money, Mr. Holmes, the money!
Holmes: Well, yes, of course the pay is good--too good. That is what makes me uneasy. Why should they give you 120 a year, when they could have their pick for 40? There must be some strong reason behind.
Watson: I thought that if I told you the circumstances you would understand afterwards if I wanted your help. I should feel so much stronger if I felt that you were at the back of me.
Holmes: Oh, you may carry that feeling away with you. I assure you that your little problem promises to be the most interesting which has come my way for some months. There is something distinctly novel about some of the features. If you should find yourself in doubt or in danger--
Watson: Danger! What danger do you foresee?
Holmes: It would cease to be a danger if we could define it. But at any time, day or night, a telegram would bring me down to your help.
Watson: That is enough. I shall go down to Hampshire quite easy in my mind now. I shall write to Mr. Rucastle at once, sacrifice my poor hair to-night, and start for Winchester to-morrow.
Watson: With a few grateful words to Holmes she bade us both good-night and bustled off upon her way.
###
Watson: At least, she seems to be a young lady who is very well able to take care of herself.
Holmes: And she would need to be. I am much mistaken if we do not hear from her before many days are past.
Watson: A fortnight went by, during which I frequently found my thoughts turning in her direction and wondering what strange side-alley of human experience this lonely woman had strayed into.
Watson: The unusual salary, the curious conditions, the light duties, all pointed to something abnormal, though whether a fad or a plot, or whether the man were a philanthropist or a villain, it was quite beyond my powers to determine.
Watson: Data! data! data! I can't make bricks without clay.
Watson: No sister of his should ever have accepted such a situation.
Watson: Will you come with me?
Holmes: I should wish to.
Watson: There is a train at half-past nine. It is due at Winchester at 11.30.
###
Holmes: Will you come with me?
Watson: I should wish to.
Holmes: Just look it up, then.
Watson: There is a train at half-past nine. It is due at Winchester at 11.30.
Holmes: That will do very nicely. Then perhaps I had better postpone my analysis of the acetones, as we may need to be at our best in the morning.
Watson: Are they not fresh and beautiful?
Holmes: Do you know, Watson, that it is one of the curses of a mind with a turn like mine that I must look at everything with reference to my own special subject. You look at these scattered houses, and you are impressed by their beauty. I look at them, and the only thought which comes to me is a feeling of their isolation and of the impunity with which crime may be committed there.
Watson: Good heavens! Who would associate crime with these dear old homesteads?
Holmes: They always fill me with a certain horror. It is my belief, Watson, founded upon my experience, that the lowest and vilest alleys in London do not present a more dreadful record of sin than does the smiling and beautiful countryside.
Watson: You horrify me!
###
Holmes: They always fill me with a certain horror. It is my belief, Watson, founded upon my experience, that the lowest and vilest alleys in London do not present a more dreadful record of sin than does the smiling and beautiful countryside.
Watson: You horrify me!
Holmes: But the reason is very obvious. The pressure of public opinion can do in the town what the law cannot accomplish. There is no lane so vile that the scream of a tortured child, or the thud of a drunkard's blow, does not beget sympathy and indignation among the neighbours, and then the whole machinery of justice is ever so close that a word of complaint can set it going, and there is but a step between the crime and the dock. But look at these lonely houses, each in its own fields, filled for the most part with poor ignorant folk who know little of the law. Think of the deeds of hellish cruelty, the hidden wickedness which may go on, year in, year out, in such places, and none the wiser. Had this lady who appeals to us for help gone to live in Winchester, I should never have had a fear for her. It is the five miles of country which makes the danger. Still, it is clear that she is not personally threatened.
Watson: No. If she can come to Winchester to meet us she can get away.
Holmes: Quite so. She has her freedom.
Watson: What can be the matter, then? Can you suggest no explanation?
Holmes: I have devised seven separate explanations, each of which would cover the facts as far as we know them. But which of these is correct can only be determined by the fresh information which we shall no doubt find waiting for us. Well, there is the tower of the cathedral, and we shall soon learn all that Miss Hunter has to tell.
Watson: The Black Swan is an inn of repute in the High Street, at no distance from the station, and there we found the young lady waiting for us. She had engaged a sitting-room, and our lunch awaited us upon the table.
###
Watson: I am so delighted that you have come. It is so very kind of you both; but indeed I do not know what I should do. Your advice will be altogether invaluable to me.
Watson: Pray tell us what has happened to you.
Young Lady: I will do so, and I must be quick, for I have promised Mr. Rucastle to be back before three. I got his leave to come into town this morning, though he little knew for what purpose.
Holmes: Let us have everything in its due order.
Holmes: In the first place, I may say that I have met, on the whole, with no actual ill-treatment from Mr. and Mrs. Rucastle. It is only fair to them to say that. But I cannot understand them, and I am not easy in my mind about them.
Watson: What can you not understand?
Young Lady: Their reasons for their conduct. But you shall have it all just as it occurred. When I came down, Mr. Rucastle met me here and drove me in his dog-cart to the Copper Beeches. It is, as he said, beautifully situated, but it is not beautiful in itself, for it is a large square block of a house, whitewashed, but all stained and streaked with damp and bad weather. There are grounds round it, woods on three sides, and on the fourth a field which slopes down to the Southampton highroad, which curves past about a hundred yards from the front door. This ground in front belongs to the house, but the woods all round are part of Lord Southerton's preserves. A clump of copper beeches immediately in front of the hall door has given its name to the place.
###
Watson: Mrs. Rucastle seemed to me to be colourless in mind as well as in feature. She impressed me neither favourably nor the reverse. She was a nonentity. It was easy to see that she was passionately devoted both to her husband and to her little son. Her light grey eyes wandered continually from one to the other, noting every little want and forestalling it if possible. He was kind to her also in his bluff, boisterous fashion, and on the whole they seemed to be a happy couple. And yet she had some secret sorrow, this woman. She would often be lost in deep thought, with the saddest look upon her face. More than once I have surprised her in tears. I have thought sometimes that it was the disposition of her child which weighed upon her mind, for I have never met so utterly spoiled and so ill-natured a little creature. He is small for his age, with a head which is quite disproportionately large. His whole life appears to be spent in an alternation between savage fits of passion and gloomy intervals of sulking. Giving pain to any creature weaker than himself seems to be his one idea of amusement, and he shows quite remarkable talent in planning the capture of mice, little birds, and insects. But I would rather not talk about the creature, Mr. Holmes, and, indeed, he has little to do with my story.
Holmes: I am glad of all details, whether they seem to you to be relevant or not.
###
Watson: I am glad of all details, whether they seem to you to be relevant or not.
Holmes: I shall try not to miss anything of importance. The one unpleasant thing about the house, which struck me at once, was the appearance and conduct of the servants. There are only two, a man and his wife. Toller, for that is his name, is a rough, uncouth man, with grizzled hair and whiskers, and a perpetual smell of drink. Twice since I have been with them he has been quite drunk, and yet Mr. Rucastle seemed to take no notice of it. His wife is a very tall and strong woman with a sour face, as silent as Mrs. Rucastle and much less amiable. They are a most unpleasant couple, but fortunately I spend most of my time in the nursery and my own room, which are next to each other in one corner of the building.
Watson: For two days after my arrival at the Copper Beeches my life was very quiet; on the third, Mrs. Rucastle came down just after breakfast and whispered something to her husband.
Rucastle: 'Oh, yes,' said he, turning to me, 'we are very much obliged to you, Miss Hunter, for falling in with our whims so far as to cut your hair. I assure you that it has not detracted in the tiniest iota from your appearance. We shall now see how the electric-blue dress will become you. You will find it laid out upon the bed in your room, and if you would be so good as to put it on we should both be extremely obliged.'
###
Narrator: I did as I was told, and at the same instant Mrs. Rucastle drew down the blind. That was a week ago, and from that time I have not sat again in the window, nor have I worn the blue dress, nor seen the man in the road.
Holmes: Pray continue, Your narrative promises to be a most interesting one.
Narrator: You will find it rather disconnected, I fear, and there may prove to be little relation between the different incidents of which I speak. On the very first day that I was at the Copper Beeches, Mr. Rucastle took me to a small outhouse which stands near the kitchen door. As we approached it I heard the sharp rattling of a chain, and the sound as of a large animal moving about.
Mr. Rucastle: 'Look in here!' said Mr. Rucastle, showing me a slit between two planks. 'Is he not a beauty?'
Narrator: I looked through and was conscious of two glowing eyes, and of a vague figure huddled up in the darkness.
Mr. Rucastle: 'Don't be frightened,' said my employer, laughing at the start which I had given. 'It's only Carlo, my mastiff. I call him mine, but really old Toller, my groom, is the only man who can do anything with him. We feed him once a day, and not too much then, so that he is always as keen as mustard. Toller lets him loose every night, and God help the trespasser whom he lays his fangs upon. For goodness' sake don't you ever on any pretext set your foot over the threshold at night, for it's as much as your life is worth.'
###
Client: Well, then, you know now. And if you ever put your foot over that threshold again, I'll throw you to the mastiff.
Client: I was so terrified that I do not know what I did. I suppose that I must have rushed past him into my room. I remember nothing until I found myself lying on my bed trembling all over. Then I thought of you, Mr. Holmes. I could not live there longer without some advice. I was frightened of the house, of the man, of the woman, of the servants, even of the child. They were all horrible to me. If I could only bring you down all would be well. Of course I might have fled from the house, but my curiosity was almost as strong as my fears. My mind was soon made up. I would send you a wire. I put on my hat and cloak, went down to the office, which is about half a mile from the house, and then returned, feeling very much easier. A horrible doubt came into my mind as I approached the door lest the dog might be loose, but I remembered that Toller had drunk himself into a state of insensibility that evening, and I knew that he was the only one in the household who had any influence with the savage creature, or who would venture to set him free. I slipped in in safety and lay awake half the night in my joy at the thought of seeing you. I had no difficulty in getting leave to come into Winchester this morning, but I must be back before three o'clock, for Mr. and Mrs. Rucastle are going on a visit, and will be away all the evening, so that I must look after the child. Now I have told you all my adventures, Mr. Holmes, and I should be very glad if you could tell me what it all means, and, above all, what I should do.
Holmes: Is Toller still drunk?
###
Watson: Is Toller still drunk?
Holmes: Yes. I heard his wife tell Mrs. Rucastle that she could do nothing with him.
Watson: That is well. And the Rucastles go out to-night?
Holmes: Yes. Is there a cellar with a good strong lock?
Watson: Yes, the wine cellar.
Holmes: You seem to me to have acted all through this matter like a very brave and sensible girl, Miss Hunter. Do you think that you could perform one more feat? I should not ask it of you if I did not think you a quite exceptional woman.
Miss Hunter: I will try. What is it?
Holmes: We shall be at the Copper Beeches by seven o'clock, my friend and I. The Rucastles will be gone by that time, and Toller will, we hope, be incapable. There only remains Mrs. Toller, who might give the alarm. If you could send her into the cellar on some errand, and then turn the key upon her, you would facilitate matters immensely.
Miss Hunter: I will do it.
###
Holmes: I will do it.
Watson: Excellent! We shall then look thoroughly into the affair. Of course there is only one feasible explanation. You have been brought there to personate someone, and the real person is imprisoned in this chamber. That is obvious. As to who this prisoner is, I have no doubt that it is the daughter, Miss Alice Rucastle, if I remember right, who was said to have gone to America. You were chosen, doubtless, as resembling her in height, figure, and the colour of your hair. Hers had been cut off, very possibly in some illness through which she has passed, and so, of course, yours had to be sacrificed also. By a curious chance you came upon her tresses. The man in the road was undoubtedly some friend of hers--possibly her fianc--and no doubt, as you wore the girl's dress and were so like her, he was convinced from your laughter, whenever he saw you, and afterwards from your gesture, that Miss Rucastle was perfectly happy, and that she no longer desired his attentions. The dog is let loose at night to prevent him from endeavoring to communicate with her. So much is fairly clear. The most serious point in the case is the disposition of the child.
Watson: What on earth has that to do with it? 
Holmes: My dear Watson, you as a medical man are continually gaining light as to the tendencies of a child by the study of the parents. Don't you see that the converse is equally valid. I have frequently gained my first real insight into the character of parents by studying their children. This child's disposition is abnormally cruel, merely for cruelty's sake, and whether he derives this from his smiling father, as I should suspect, or from his mother, it bodes evil for the poor girl who is in their power.
Client: I am sure that you are right, Mr. Holmes, A thousand things come back to me which make me certain that you have hit it. Oh, let us lose not an instant in bringing help to this poor creature.
###
Client: I am sure that you are right, Mr. Holmes, A thousand things come back to me which make me certain that you have hit it. Oh, let us lose not an instant in bringing help to this poor creature.
Holmes: We must be circumspect, for we are dealing with a very cunning man. We can do nothing until seven o'clock. At that hour we shall be with you, and it will not be long before we solve the mystery.
Holmes: Have you managed it?
Miss Hunter: That is Mrs. Toller in the cellar, Her husband lies snoring on the kitchen rug. Here are his keys, which are the duplicates of Mr. Rucastle's.
Holmes: You have done well indeed! Now lead the way, and we shall soon see the end of this black business.
Holmes: I trust that we are not too late, I think, Miss Hunter, that we had better go in without you. Now, Watson, put your shoulder to it, and we shall see whether we cannot make our way in.
###
Holmes: There has been some villainy here, this beauty has guessed Miss Hunter's intentions and has carried his victim off.
Holmes: Through the skylight. We shall soon see how he managed it. Ah, yes, here's the end of a long light ladder against the eaves. That is how he did it.
Miss Hunter: But it is impossible, the ladder was not there when the Rucastles went away.
Holmes: He has come back and done it. I tell you that he is a clever and dangerous man. I should not be very much surprised if this were he whose step I hear now upon the stair. I think, Watson, that it would be as well for you to have your pistol ready.
Holmes: You villain! Where's your daughter?
Fat Man: It is for me to ask you that, you thieves! Spies and thieves! I have caught you, have I? You are in my power. I'll serve you!
Miss Hunter: He's gone for the dog!
Watson: I have my revolver.
Holmes: Better close the front door. My God! Someone has loosed the dog. It's not been fed for two days. Quick, quick, or it'll be too late!
###
Watson: My God! Someone has loosed the dog. It's not been fed for two days. Quick, quick, or it'll be too late!
Holmes: Mrs. Toller! It is clear that Mrs. Toller knows more about this matter than anyone else.
Mrs. Toller: Yes, sir, I do, and I am ready enough to tell what I know.
Holmes: Then, pray, sit down, and let us hear it for there are several points on which I must confess that I am still in the dark.
Mrs. Toller: I will soon make it clear to you, and I'd have done so before now if I could ha' got out from the cellar. If there's police-court business over this, you'll remember that I was the one that stood your friend, and that I was Miss Alice's friend too.
###
Mrs. Toller: She was never happy at home, Miss Alice wasn't, from the time that her father married again. She was slighted like and had no say in anything, but it never really became bad for her until after she met Mr. Fowler at a friend's house. As well as I could learn, Miss Alice had rights of her own by will, but she was so quiet and patient, she was, that she never said a word about them but just left everything in Mr. Rucastle's hands. He knew he was safe with her; but when there was a chance of a husband coming forward, who would ask for all that the law would give him, then her father thought it time to put a stop on it. He wanted her to sign a paper, so that whether she married or not, he could use her money. When she wouldn't do it, he kept on worrying her until she got brain-fever, and for six weeks was at death's door. Then she got better at last, all worn to a shadow, and with her beautiful hair cut off; but that didn't make no change in her young man, and he stuck to her as true as man could be.
Holmes: Ah, I think that what you have been good enough to tell us makes the matter fairly clear, and that I can deduce all that remains. Mr. Rucastle then, I presume, took to this system of imprisonment?
Mrs. Toller: Yes, sir.
Holmes: And brought Miss Hunter down from London in order to get rid of the disagreeable persistence of Mr. Fowler.
Mrs. Toller: That was it, sir.
Holmes: But Mr. Fowler being a persevering man, as a good seaman should be, blockaded the house, and having met you succeeded by certain arguments, metallic or otherwise, in convincing you that your interests were the same as his.
Mrs. Toller: Mr. Fowler was a very kind-spoken, free-handed gentleman.
Holmes: And in this way he managed that your good man should have no want of drink, and that a ladder should be ready at the moment when your master had gone out.
Mrs. Toller: You have it, sir, just as it happened.
###
Holmes: And in this way he managed that your good man should have no want of drink, and that a ladder should be ready at the moment when your master had gone out.
Mrs. Toller: You have it, sir, just as it happened.
Holmes: I am sure we owe you an apology, Mrs. Toller, for you have certainly cleared up everything which puzzled us. And here comes the country surgeon and Mrs. Rucastle, so I think, Watson, that we had best escort Miss Hunter back to Winchester, as it seems to me that our locus standi now is rather a questionable one.
Narrator: And thus was solved the mystery of the sinister house with the copper beeches in front of the door. Mr. Rucastle survived, but was always a broken man, kept alive solely through the care of his devoted wife. They still live with their old servants, who probably know so much of Rucastle's past life that he finds it difficult to part from them. Mr. Fowler and Miss Rucastle were married, by special license, in Southampton the day after their flight, and he is now the holder of a government appointment in the island of Mauritius. As to Miss Violet Hunter, my friend Holmes, rather to my disappointment, manifested no further interest in her when once she had ceased to be the centre of one of his problems, and she is now the head of a private school at Walsall, where I believe that she has met with considerable success.
Holmes: I am afraid, Watson, that I shall have to go.
Watson: Go! Where to?
Holmes: To Dartmoor; to King's Pyland.
###
Holmes: I am afraid, Watson, that I shall have to go.
Watson: Go! Where to?
Holmes: To Dartmoor; to King's Pyland.
Watson: I should be most happy to go down with you if I should not be in the way.
Holmes: My dear Watson, you would confer a great favour upon me by coming. And I think that your time will not be misspent, for there are points about the case which promise to make it an absolutely unique one. We have, I think, just time to catch our train at Paddington, and I will go further into the matter upon our journey. You would oblige me by bringing with you your very excellent field-glass.
###
Watson: We are going well. Our rate at present is fifty-three and a half miles an hour.
Holmes: I have not observed the quarter-mile posts.
Watson: Nor have I. But the telegraph posts upon this line are sixty yards apart, and the calculation is a simple one. I presume that you have looked into this matter of the murder of John Straker and the disappearance of Silver Blaze?
Holmes: I have seen what the Telegraph and the Chronicle have to say. It is one of those cases where the art of the reasoner should be used rather for the sifting of details than for the acquiring of fresh evidence. The tragedy has been so uncommon, so complete and of such personal importance to so many people, that we are suffering from a plethora of surmise, conjecture, and hypothesis. The difficulty is to detach the framework of fact--of absolute undeniable fact--from the embellishments of theorists and reporters. Then, having established ourselves upon this sound basis, it is our duty to see what inferences may be drawn and what are the special points upon which the whole mystery turns. On Tuesday evening I received telegrams from both Colonel Ross, the owner of the horse, and from Inspector Gregory, who is looking after the case, inviting my cooperation.
Watson: Tuesday evening! And this is Thursday morning. Why didn't you go down yesterday?
###
Watson: Tuesday evening! And this is Thursday morning. Why didn't you go down yesterday?
Holmes: Because I made a blunder, my dear Watson--which is, I am afraid, a more common occurrence than any one would think who only knew me through your memoirs. The fact is that I could not believe it possible that the most remarkable horse in England could long remain concealed, especially in so sparsely inhabited a place as the north of Dartmoor. From hour to hour yesterday I expected to hear that he had been found, and that his abductor was the murderer of John Straker. When, however, another morning had come, and I found that beyond the arrest of young Fitzroy Simpson nothing had been done, I felt that it was time for me to take action. Yet in some ways I feel that yesterday has not been wasted.
Watson: You have formed a theory, then?
Holmes: At least I have got a grip of the essential facts of the case. I shall enumerate them to you, for nothing clears up a case so much as stating it to another person, and I can hardly expect your co-operation if I do not show you the position from which we start.
Watson: *listening*
Holmes: *explaining* Silver Blaze is from the Somomy stock, and holds as brilliant a record as his famous ancestor. He is now in his fifth year, and has brought in turn each of the prizes of the turf to Colonel Ross, his fortunate owner. Up to the time of the catastrophe he was the first favorite for the Wessex Cup, the betting being three to one on him. He has always, however, been a prime favorite with the racing public, and has never yet disappointed them, so that even at those odds enormous sums of money have been laid upon him. It is obvious, therefore, that there were many people who had the strongest interest in preventing Silver Blaze from being there at the fall of the flag next Tuesday.
###
Narrator: She was frightened by the earnestness of his manner, and ran past him to the window through which she was accustomed to hand the meals. It was already opened, and Hunter was seated at the small table inside. She had begun to tell him of what had happened when the stranger came up again.
Stranger: Good-evening, I wanted to have a word with you. What business have you here? It's business that may put something into your pocket. You've two horses in for the Wessex Cup--Silver Blaze and Bayard. Let me have the straight tip and you won't be a loser. Is it a fact that at the weights Bayard could give the other a hundred yards in five furlongs, and that the stable have put their money on him?
Hunter: So, you're one of those damned touts! I'll show you how we serve them in King's Pyland. 
Narrator: He sprang up and rushed across the stable to unloose the dog. The girl fled away to the house, but as she ran she looked back and saw that the stranger was leaning through the window. A minute later, however, when Hunter rushed out with the hound he was gone, and though he ran all round the buildings he failed to find any trace of him.
Watson: One moment, Did the stable-boy, when he ran out with the dog, leave the door unlocked behind him?
Holmes: Excellent, Watson, excellent! The importance of the point struck me so forcibly that I sent a special wire to Dartmoor yesterday to clear the matter up. The boy locked the door before he left it. The window, I may add, was not large enough for a man to get through.
###
Holmes: Those are the main facts of the case, stripped of all surmise, and stated as baldly as possible. I shall now recapitulate what the police have done in the matter. Inspector Gregory, to whom the case has been committed, is an extremely competent officer. Were he but gifted with imagination he might rise to great heights in his profession. On his arrival he promptly found and arrested the man upon whom suspicion naturally rested. There was little difficulty in finding him, for he inhabited one of those villas which I have mentioned. His name, it appears, was Fitzroy Simpson. He was a man of excellent birth and education, who had squandered a fortune upon the turf, and who lived now by doing a little quiet and genteel book-making in the sporting clubs of London. An examination of his betting-book shows that bets to the amount of five thousand pounds had been registered by him against the favorite. On being arrested he volunteered the statement that he had come down to Dartmoor in the hope of getting some information about the King's Pyland horses, and also about Desborough, the second favorite, which was in charge of Silas Brown at the Mapleton stables. He did not attempt to deny that he had acted as described upon the evening before, but declared that he had no sinister designs, and had simply wished to obtain first-hand information. When confronted with his cravat, he turned very pale, and was utterly unable to account for its presence in the hand of the murdered man. His wet clothing showed that he had been out in the storm of the night before, and his stick, which was a Penang-lawyer weighted with lead, was just such a weapon as might, by repeated blows, have inflicted the terrible injuries to which the trainer had succumbed. On the other hand, there was no wound upon his person, while the state of Straker's knife would show that one at least of his assailants must bear his mark upon him. There you have it all in a nutshell, Watson, and if you can give me any light I shall be infinitely obliged to you.
###
Watson: Is in not possible, that the incised wound upon Straker may have been caused by his own knife in the convulsive struggles which follow any brain injury?
Holmes: It is more than possible; it is probable. In that case one of the main points in favor of the accused disappears.
Watson: And yet, even now I fail to understand what the theory of the police can be.
Holmes: I am afraid that whatever theory we state has very grave objections to it. The police imagine, I take it, that this Fitzroy Simpson, having drugged the lad, and having in some way obtained a duplicate key, opened the stable door and took out the horse, with the intention, apparently, of kidnapping him altogether. His bridle is missing, so that Simpson must have put this on. Then, having left the door open behind him, he was leading the horse away over the moor, when he was either met or overtaken by the trainer. A row naturally ensued. Simpson beat out the trainer's brains with his heavy stick without receiving any injury from the small knife which Straker used in self-defence, and then the thief either led the horse on to some secret hiding-place, or else it may have bolted during the struggle, and be now wandering out on the moors. That is the case as it appears to the police, and improbable as it is, all other explanations are more improbable still. However, I shall very quickly test the matter when I am once upon the spot, and until then I cannot really see how we can get much further than our present position.
###
Narrator: It was evening before we reached the little town of Tavistock, which lies, like the boss of a shield, in the middle of the huge circle of Dartmoor. Two gentlemen were awaiting us in the station--the one a tall, fair man with lion-like hair and beard and curiously penetrating light blue eyes; the other a small, alert person, very neat and dapper, in a frock-coat and gaiters, with trim little side-whiskers and an eye-glass. The latter was Colonel Ross, the well-known sportsman; the other, Inspector Gregory, a man who was rapidly making his name in the English detective service.
Colonel Ross: I am delighted that you have come down, Mr. Holmes, said the Colonel. "The Inspector here has done all that could possibly be suggested, but I wish to leave no stone unturned in trying to avenge poor Straker and in recovering my horse."
Holmes: Have there been any fresh developments? asked Holmes.
Inspector Gregory: I am sorry to say that we have made very little progress, said the Inspector. "We have an open carriage outside, and as you would no doubt like to see the place before the light fails, we might talk it over as we drive."
Narrator: A minute later we were all seated in a comfortable landau, and were rattling through the quaint old Devonshire city. Inspector Gregory was full of his case, and poured out a stream of remarks, while Holmes threw in an occasional question or interjection. Colonel Ross leaned back with his arms folded and his hat tilted over his eyes, while I listened with interest to the dialogue of the two detectives. Gregory was formulating his theory, which was almost exactly what Holmes had foretold in the train.
Inspector Gregory: The net is drawn pretty close round Fitzroy Simpson, he remarked, "and I believe myself that he is our man. At the same time I recognize that the evidence is purely circumstantial, and that some new development may upset it."
Holmes: How about Straker's knife?
Inspector Gregory: We have quite come to the conclusion that he wounded himself in his fall.
###
Watson: How about Straker's knife?
Holmes: We have quite come to the conclusion that he wounded himself in his fall.
Watson: My friend Dr. Watson made that suggestion to me as we came down. If so, it would tell against this man Simpson.
Holmes: Undoubtedly. He has neither a knife nor any sign of a wound. The evidence against him is certainly very strong. He had a great interest in the disappearance of the favorite. He lies under suspicion of having poisoned the stable-boy, he was undoubtedly out in the storm, he was armed with a heavy stick, and his cravat was found in the dead man's hand. I really think we have enough to go before a jury.
Holmes: A clever counsel would tear it all to rags. Why should he take the horse out of the stable? If he wished to injure it why could he not do it there? Has a duplicate key been found in his possession? What chemist sold him the powdered opium? Above all, where could he, a stranger to the district, hide a horse, and such a horse as this? What is his own explanation as to the paper which he wished the maid to give to the stable-boy?
Watson: He says that it was a ten-pound note. One was found in his purse. But your other difficulties are not so formidable as they seem. He is not a stranger to the district. He has twice lodged at Tavistock in the summer. The opium was probably brought from London. The key, having served its purpose, would be hurled away. The horse may be at the bottom of one of the pits or old mines upon the moor.
Watson: What does he say about the cravat?
Holmes: He acknowledges that it is his, and declares that he had lost it. But a new element has been introduced into the case which may account for his leading the horse from the stable.
Holmes: Holmes pricked up his ears.
###
Watson: What does he say about the cravat?
Holmes: He acknowledges that it is his, and declares that he had lost it. But a new element has been introduced into the case which may account for his leading the horse from the stable.
Holmes: We have found traces which show that a party of gypsies encamped on Monday night within a mile of the spot where the murder took place. On Tuesday they were gone. Now, presuming that there was some understanding between Simpson and these gypsies, might he not have been leading the horse to them when he was overtaken, and may they not have him now?
Watson: It is certainly possible.
Holmes: The moor is being scoured for these gypsies. I have also examined every stable and out-house in Tavistock, and for a radius of ten miles.
Watson: There is another training-stable quite close, I understand?
Holmes: Yes, and that is a factor which we must certainly not neglect. As Desborough, their horse, was second in the betting, they had an interest in the disappearance of the favorite. Silas Brown, the trainer, is known to have had large bets upon the event, and he was no friend to poor Straker. We have, however, examined the stables, and there is nothing to connect him with the affair.
Watson: And nothing to connect this man Simpson with the interests of the Mapleton stables?
Holmes: Nothing at all.
###
Watson: And nothing to connect this man Simpson with the interests of the Mapleton stables?
Holmes: Nothing at all.
Holmes: Excuse me, I was day-dreaming.
Gregory: Perhaps you would prefer at once to go on to the scene of the crime, Mr. Holmes?
Holmes: I think that I should prefer to stay here a little and go into one or two questions of detail. Straker was brought back here, I presume?
Gregory: Yes; he lies upstairs. The inquest is to-morrow.
Holmes: He has been in your service some years, Colonel Ross?
Ross: I have always found him an excellent servant.
Holmes: I presume that you made an inventory of what he had in his pockets at the time of his death, Inspector?
Inspector: I have the things themselves in the sitting-room, if you would care to see them.
###
Holmes: I have always found him an excellent servant.
Watson: I presume that you made an inventory of what he had in his pockets at the time of his death, Inspector?
Inspector: I have the things themselves in the sitting-room, if you would care to see them.
Watson: I should be very glad.
Holmes: This is a very singular knife. I presume, as I see blood-stains upon it, that it is the one which was found in the dead man's grasp. Watson, this knife is surely in your line?
Watson: It is what we call a cataract knife.
Holmes: I thought so. A very delicate blade devised for very delicate work. A strange thing for a man to carry with him upon a rough expedition, especially as it would not shut in his pocket.
Inspector: The tip was guarded by a disk of cork which we found beside his body. His wife tells us that the knife had lain upon the dressing-table, and that he had picked it up as he left the room. It was a poor weapon, but perhaps the best that he could lay his hands on at the moment.
Holmes: Very possible. How about these papers?
Inspector: Three of them are receipted hay-dealers' accounts. One of them is a letter of instructions from Colonel Ross. This other is a milliner's account for thirty-seven pounds fifteen made out by Madame Lesurier, of Bond Street, to William Derbyshire. Mrs. Straker tells us that Derbyshire was a friend of her husband's and that occasionally his letters were addressed here.
###
Holmes: Madam Derbyshire had somewhat expensive tastes. Twenty-two guineas is rather heavy for a single costume. However, there appears to be nothing more to learn, and we may now go down to the scene of the crime.
Woman: Have you got them? Have you found them?
Inspector: No, Mrs. Straker. But Mr. Holmes here has come from London to help us, and we shall do all that is possible.
Holmes: Surely I met you in Plymouth at a garden-party some little time ago, Mrs. Straker?
Woman: No, sir; you are mistaken.
Holmes: Dear me! Why, I could have sworn to it. You wore a costume of dove-colored silk with ostrich-feather trimming.
Woman: I never had such a dress, sir.
Holmes: Ah, that quite settles it. And with an apology he followed the Inspector outside. A short walk across the moor took us to the hollow in which the body had been found. At the brink of it was the furze-bush upon which the coat had been hung. There was no wind that night, I understand.
Inspector: None; but very heavy rain.
Holmes: In that case, the overcoat was not blown against the furze-bush, but placed there.
Inspector: Yes, it was laid across the bush. You fill me with interest, I perceive that the ground has been trampled up a good deal. No doubt many feet have been here since Monday night. A piece of matting has been laid here at the side, and we have all stood upon that. In this bag I have one of the boots which Straker wore, one of Fitzroy Simpson's shoes, and a cast horseshoe of Silver Blaze.
###
Holmes: A piece of matting has been laid here at the side, and we have all stood upon that.
Watson: Excellent.
Holmes: In this bag I have one of the boots which Straker wore, one of Fitzroy Simpson's shoes, and a cast horseshoe of Silver Blaze.
Inspector: My dear Inspector, you surpass yourself!
Holmes: Hullo! What's this? It was a wax vesta half burned, which was so coated with mud that it looked at first like a little chip of wood.
Inspector: I cannot think how I came to overlook it. It was invisible, buried in the mud. I only saw it because I was looking for it.
Holmes: You expected to find it?
Inspector: I thought it not unlikely.
Holmes: I am afraid that there are no more tracks. I have examined the ground very carefully for a hundred yards in each direction.
Holmes: I should like to take a little walk over the moor before it grows dark, that I may know my ground tomorrow, and I think that I shall put this horseshoe into my pocket for luck.
Colonel Ross: I wish you would come back with me, Inspector. There are several points on which I should like your advice, and especially as to whether we do not owe it to the public to remove our horse's name from the entries for the Cup.
Holmes: Certainly not. I should let the name stand.
###
Holmes: Certainly not, I should let the name stand.
Colonel: I am very glad to have had your opinion, sir. You will find us at poor Straker's house when you have finished your walk, and we can drive together into Tavistock.
Holmes: It's this way, Watson. We may leave the question of who killed John Straker for the instant, and confine ourselves to finding out what has become of the horse. Now, supposing that he broke away during or after the tragedy, where could he have gone to? The horse is a very gregarious creature. If left to himself his instincts would have been either to return to King's Pyland or go over to Mapleton. Why should he run wild upon the moor? He would surely have been seen by now. And why should gypsies kidnap him? These people always clear out when they hear of trouble, for they do not wish to be pestered by the police. They could not hope to sell such a horse. They would run a great risk and gain nothing by taking him. Surely that is clear. Where is he, then? I have already said that he must have gone to King's Pyland or to Mapleton. He is not at King's Pyland. Therefore he is at Mapleton. Let us take that as a working hypothesis and see what it leads us to. This part of the moor, as the Inspector remarked, is very hard and dry. But it falls away towards Mapleton, and you can see from here that there is a long hollow over yonder, which must have been very wet on Monday night. If our supposition is correct, then the horse must have crossed that, and there is the point where we should look for his tracks.
###
Watson: See the value of imagination, It is the one quality which Gregory lacks. We imagined what might have happened, acted upon the supposition, and find ourselves justified. Let us proceed.
Holmes: The horse was alone before. Quite so. It was alone before. Hullo, what is this?
Watson: One for you, Holmes. You have saved us a long walk, which would have brought us back on our own traces. Let us follow the return track.
Holmes: We don't want any loiterers about here. I only wished to ask a question. Should I be too early to see your master, Mr. Silas Brown, if I were to call at five o'clock tomorrow morning?
###
Holmes: I only wished to ask a question. Should I be too early to see your master, Mr. Silas Brown, if I were to call at five o'clock tomorrow morning?
Dawson: Bless you, sir, if anyone is about he will be, for he is always the first stirring. But here he is, sir, to answer your questions for himself. No, sir, no; it is as much as my place is worth to let him see me touch your money. Afterwards, if you like.
Silas Brown: What's this, Dawson! No gossiping! Go about your business! And you, what the devil do you want here?
Holmes: Ten minutes' talk with you, my good sir.
Silas Brown: I've no time to talk to every gadabout. We want no stranger here. Be off, or you may find a dog at your heels.
Holmes: I shall not keep you more than a few minutes, Watson. Now, Mr. Brown, I am quite at your disposal.
Holmes: Your instructions will be done. It shall all be done.
Holmes: There must be no mistake.
###
Silas Brown: Your instructions will be done. It shall all be done.
Holmes: There must be no mistake.
Silas Brown: Oh no, there shall be no mistake. It shall be there. Should I change it first or not?
Holmes: No, don't, I shall write to you about it. No tricks, now, or--
Silas Brown: Oh, you can trust me, you can trust me!
Holmes: Yes, I think I can. Well, you shall hear from me tomorrow.
Holmes: A more perfect compound of the bully, coward, and sneak than Master Silas Brown I have seldom met with.
Watson: He has the horse, then?
Holmes: He tried to bluster out of it, but I described to him so exactly what his actions had been upon that morning that he is convinced that I was watching him. Of course you observed the peculiarly square toes in the impressions, and that his own boots exactly corresponded to them. Again, of course no subordinate would have dared to do such a thing. I described to him how, when according to his custom he was the first down, he perceived a strange horse wandering over the moor. How he went out to it, and his astonishment at recognizing, from the white forehead which has given the favorite its name, that chance had put in his power the only horse which could beat the one upon which he had put his money. Then I described how his first impulse had been to lead him back to King's Pyland, and how the devil had shown him how he could hide the horse until the race was over, and how he had led it back and concealed it at Mapleton. When I told him every detail he gave it up and thought only of saving his own skin.
Watson: But his stables had been searched?
Holmes: Oh, and old horse-faker like him has many a dodge.
Watson: But are you not afraid to leave the horse in his power now, since he has every interest in injuring it?
###
Watson: But his stables had been searched?
Holmes: Oh, and old horse-faker like him has many a dodge.
Watson: But are you not afraid to leave the horse in his power now, since he has every interest in injuring it?
Holmes: My dear fellow, he will guard it as the apple of his eye. He knows that his only hope of mercy is to produce it safe.
Watson: Colonel Ross did not impress me as a man who would be likely to show much mercy in any case.
Holmes: The matter does not rest with Colonel Ross. I follow my own methods, and tell as much or as little as I choose. That is the advantage of being unofficial. I don't know whether you observed it, Watson, but the Colonel's manner has been just a trifle cavalier to me. I am inclined now to have a little amusement at his expense. Say nothing to him about the horse.
Watson: Certainly not without your permission.
Holmes: And of course this is all quite a minor point compared to the question of who killed John Straker.
Watson: And you will devote yourself to that?
Holmes: On the contrary, we both go back to London by the night train.
Watson: I was thunderstruck by my friend's words. We had only been a few hours in Devonshire, and that he should give up an investigation which he had begun so brilliantly was quite incomprehensible to me. Not a word more could I draw from him until we were back at the trainer's house. The Colonel and the Inspector were awaiting us in the parlor.
Holmes: My friend and I return to town by the night-express. We have had a charming little breath of your beautiful Dartmoor air.
Colonel Ross: So you despair of arresting the murderer of poor Straker.
Holmes: There are certainly grave difficulties in the way. I have every hope, however, that your horse will start upon Tuesday, and I beg that you will have your jockey in readiness. Might I ask for a photograph of Mr. John Straker?
Inspector: The Inspector took one from an envelope and handed it to him.
###
Inspector: My dear Gregory, you anticipate all my wants. If I might ask you to wait here for an instant, I have a question which I should like to put to the maid.
Colonel Ross: I must say that I am rather disappointed in our London consultant. I do not see that we are any further than when he came.
Watson: At least you have his assurance that your horse will run.
Colonel Ross: Yes, I have his assurance. I should prefer to have the horse.
Holmes: Now, gentlemen, I am quite ready for Tavistock.
Holmes: You have a few sheep in the paddock. Who attends to them?
Stable-lad: I do, sir. Have you noticed anything amiss with them of late?
Holmes: A long shot, Watson; a very long shot. Gregory, let me recommend to your attention this singular epidemic among the sheep. Drive on, coachman!
Inspector: You consider that to be important?
Holmes: Exceedingly so. Is there any point to which you would wish to draw my attention?
Holmes: To the curious incident of the dog in the night-time. The dog did nothing in the night-time. That was the curious incident.
###
Holmes: Exceedingly so.
Watson: Is there any point to which you would wish to draw my attention?
Holmes: To the curious incident of the dog in the night-time.
Watson: The dog did nothing in the night-time.
Holmes: That was the curious incident.
Holmes: I have seen nothing of my horse.
Watson: I suppose that you would know him when you saw him?
Colonel Ross: I have been on the turf for twenty years, and never was asked such a question as that before. A child would know Silver Blaze, with his white forehead and his mottled off-foreleg.
Holmes: How is the betting?
Colonel Ross: Well, that is the curious part of it. You could have got fifteen to one yesterday, but the price has become shorter and shorter, until you can hardly get three to one now.
Holmes: Somebody knows something, that is clear.
Colonel Ross: We scratched our other one, and put all hopes on your word. Why, what is that? Silver Blaze favorite?
###
Ring: Five to four against Silver Blaze! Five to fifteen against Desborough! Five to four on the field!
Watson: There are the numbers up. They are all six there.
Colonel: All six there? Then my horse is running. But I don't see him. My colors have not passed. Only five have passed. This must be he.
Colonel: That's not my horse. That beast has not a white hair upon its body. What is this that you have done, Mr. Holmes?
Holmes: Well, well, let us see how he gets on. Capital! An excellent start! There they are, coming round the curve!
Colonel: It's my race, anyhow. I confess that I can make neither head nor tail of it. Don't you think that you have kept up your mystery long enough, Mr. Holmes?
Holmes: Certainly, Colonel, you shall know everything. Let us all go round and have a look at the horse together. You have only to wash his face and his leg in spirits of wine, and you will find that he is the same old Silver Blaze as ever. I found him in the hands of a faker, and took the liberty of running him just as he was sent over.
###
Holmes: You take my breath away!
Holmes: I found him in the hands of a faker, and took the liberty of running him just as he was sent over.
Colonel: My dear sir, you have done wonders. The horse looks very fit and well. It never went better in its life. I owe you a thousand apologies for having doubted your ability. You have done me a great service by recovering my horse. You would do me a greater still if you could lay your hands on the murderer of John Straker.
Holmes: I have done so.
Colonel: You have got him! Where is he, then?
Holmes: He is here.
Colonel: Here! Where?
Holmes: In my company at the present moment.
Colonel: I quite recognize that I am under obligations to you, Mr. Holmes, but I must regard what you have just said as either a very bad joke or an insult.
Holmes: I assure you that I have not associated you with the crime, Colonel. The real murderer is standing immediately behind you.
Holmes: The horse!
Colonel: Yes, the horse. And it may lessen his guilt if I say that it was done in self-defence, and that John Straker was a man who was entirely unworthy of your confidence. But there goes the bell, and as I stand to win a little on this next race, I shall defer a lengthy explanation until a more fitting time.
Holmes: We had the corner of a Pullman car to ourselves that evening as we whirled back to London, and I fancy that the journey was a short one to Colonel Ross as well as to myself, as we listened to our companion's narrative of the events which had occurred at the Dartmoor training-stables upon the Monday night, and the means by which he had unravelled them.
###
Holmes: I confess that any theories which I had formed from the newspaper reports were entirely erroneous. And yet there were indications there, had they not been overlaid by other details which concealed their true import. I went to Devonshire with the conviction that Fitzroy Simpson was the true culprit, although, of course, I saw that the evidence against him was by no means complete. It was while I was in the carriage, just as we reached the trainer's house, that the immense significance of the curried mutton occurred to me. You may remember that I was distrait, and remained sitting after you had all alighted. I was marvelling in my own mind how I could possibly have overlooked so obvious a clue.
Colonel: I confess that even now I cannot see how it helps us.
Holmes: It was the first link in my chain of reasoning. Powdered opium is by no means tasteless. The flavor is not disagreeable, but it is perceptible. Were it mixed with any ordinary dish the eater would undoubtedly detect it, and would probably eat no more. A curry was exactly the medium which would disguise this taste. By no possible supposition could this stranger, Fitzroy Simpson, have caused curry to be served in the trainer's family that night, and it is surely too monstrous a coincidence to suppose that he happened to come along with powdered opium upon the very night when a dish happened to be served which would disguise the flavor. That is unthinkable. Therefore Simpson becomes eliminated from the case, and our attention centers upon Straker and his wife, the only two people who could have chosen curried mutton for supper that night. The opium was added after the dish was set aside for the stable-boy, for the others had the same for supper with no ill effects. Which of them, then, had access to that dish without the maid seeing them?
###
Holmes: Before deciding that question I had grasped the significance of the silence of the dog, for one true inference invariably suggests others. The Simpson incident had shown me that a dog was kept in the stables, and yet, though some one had been in and had fetched out a horse, he had not barked enough to arouse the two lads in the loft. Obviously the midnight visitor was some one whom the dog knew well. I was already convinced, or almost convinced, that John Straker went down to the stables in the dead of the night and took out Silver Blaze. For what purpose? For a dishonest one, obviously, or why should he drug his own stable-boy? And yet I was at a loss to know why. There have been cases before now where trainers have made sure of great sums of money by laying against their own horses, through agents, and then preventing them from winning by fraud. Sometimes it is a pulling jockey. Sometimes it is some surer and subtler means. What was it here? I hoped that the contents of his pockets might help me to form a conclusion. And they did so. You cannot have forgotten the singular knife which was found in the dead man's hand, a knife which certainly no sane man would choose for a weapon. It was, as Dr. Watson told us, a form of knife which is used for the most delicate operations known in surgery. And it was to be used for a delicate operation that night. You must know, with your wide experience of turf matters, Colonel Ross, that it is possible to make a slight nick upon the tendons of a horse's ham, and to do it subcutaneously, so as to leave absolutely no trace. A horse so treated would develop a slight lameness, which would be put down to a strain in exercise or a touch of rheumatism, but never to foul play.
Colonel Ross: Villain! Scoundrel!
Holmes: We have here the explanation of why John Straker wished to take the horse out on to the moor. So spirited a creature would have certainly roused the soundest of sleepers when it felt the prick of the knife. It was absolutely necessary to do it in the open air.
###
Colonel: I have been blind! Of course that was why he needed the candle, and struck the match.
Holmes: Undoubtedly. But in examining his belongings I was fortunate enough to discover not only the method of the crime, but even its motives. As a man of the world, Colonel, you know that men do not carry other people's bills about in their pockets. We have most of us quite enough to do to settle our own. I at once concluded that Straker was leading a double life, and keeping a second establishment. The nature of the bill showed that there was a lady in the case, and one who had expensive tastes. Liberal as you are with your servants, one can hardly expect that they can buy twenty-guinea walking dresses for their ladies. I questioned Mrs. Straker as to the dress without her knowing it, and having satisfied myself that it had never reached her, I made a note of the milliner's address, and felt that by calling there with Straker's photograph I could easily dispose of the mythical Derbyshire. From that time on all was plain. Straker had led out the horse to a hollow where his light would be invisible. Simpson in his flight had dropped his cravat, and Straker had picked it up--with some idea, perhaps, that he might use it in securing the horse's leg. Once in the hollow, he had got behind the horse and had struck a light; but the creature frightened at the sudden glare, and with the strange instinct of animals feeling that some mischief was intended, had lashed out, and the steel shoe had struck Straker full on the forehead. He had already, in spite of the rain, taken off his overcoat in order to do his delicate task, and so, as he fell, his knife gashed his thigh. Do I make it clear?
Colonel: Wonderful! Wonderful! You might have been there!
###
Colonel: Wonderful! Wonderful! You might have been there!
Holmes: My final shot was, I confess a very long one. It struck me that so astute a man as Straker would not undertake this delicate tendon-nicking without a little practice. What could he practice on? My eyes fell upon the sheep, and I asked a question which, rather to my surprise, showed that my surmise was correct. When I returned to London I called upon the milliner, who had recognized Straker as an excellent customer of the name of Derbyshire, who had a very dashing wife, with a strong partiality for expensive dresses. I have no doubt that this woman had plunged him over head and ears in debt, and so led him into this miserable plot.
Colonel: You have explained all but one thing. Where was the horse?
Holmes: Ah, it bolted, and was cared for by one of your neighbors. We must have an amnesty in that direction, I think. This is Clapham Junction, if I am not mistaken, and we shall be in Victoria in less than ten minutes. If you care to smoke a cigar in our rooms, Colonel, I shall be happy to give you any other details which might interest you.
###
Watson: Sherlock Holmes was a man who seldom took exercise for exercise's sake. Few men were capable of greater muscular effort, and he was undoubtedly one of the finest boxers of his weight that I have ever seen; but he looked upon aimless bodily exertion as a waste of energy, and he seldom bestirred himself save when there was some professional object to be served. Then he was absolutely untiring and indefatigable. That he should have kept himself in training under such circumstances is remarkable, but his diet was usually of the sparest, and his habits were simple to the verge of austerity. Save for the occasional use of cocaine, he had no vices, and he only turned to the drug as a protest against the monotony of existence when cases were scanty and the papers uninteresting. One day in early spring he had so far relaxed as to go for a walk with me in the Park, where the first faint shoots of green were breaking out upon the elms, and the sticky spear-heads of the chestnuts were just beginning to burst into their five-fold leaves. For two hours we rambled about together, in silence for the most part, as befits two men who know each other intimately. It was nearly five before we were back in Baker Street once more.
Page-boy: Beg pardon, sir, There's been a gentleman here asking for you, sir.
Holmes: So much for afternoon walks! Has this gentleman gone, then?
Page-boy: Yes, sir.
Holmes: Didn't you ask him in?
Page-boy: Yes, sir; he came in.
Holmes: How long did he wait?
###
Holmes: So much for afternoon walks! Has this gentleman gone, then?
Watson: Yes, sir.
Holmes: Didn't you ask him in?
Watson: Yes, sir; he came in.
Holmes: How long did he wait?
Watson: Half an hour, sir. He was a very restless gentleman, sir, a-walkin' and a-stampin' all the time he was here. I was waitin' outside the door, sir, and I could hear him. At last he outs into the passage, and he cries, 'Is that man never goin' to come?' Those were his very words, sir. 'You'll only need to wait a little longer,' says I. 'Then I'll wait in the open air, for I feel half choked,' says he. 'I'll be back before long.' And with that he ups and he outs, and all I could say wouldn't hold him back.
Holmes: Well, well, you did your best. It's very annoying, though, Watson. I was badly in need of a case, and this looks, from the man's impatience, as if it were of importance. Hullo! That's not your pipe on the table. He must have left his behind him. A nice old brier with a good long stem of what the tobacconists call amber. I wonder how many real amber mouthpieces there are in London? Some people think that a fly in it is a sign. Well, he must have been disturbed in his mind to leave a pipe behind him which he evidently values highly.
Watson: How do you know that he values it highly?
Holmes: Well, I should put the original cost of the pipe at seven and sixpence. Now it has, you see, been twice mended, once in the wooden stem and once in the amber. Each of these mends, done, as you observe, with silver bands, must have cost more than the pipe did originally. The man must value the pipe highly when he prefers to patch it up rather than buy a new one with the same money.
Watson: Anything else?
Holmes: He held it up and tapped on it with his long, thin fore-finger, as a professor might who was lecturing on a bone.
###
Watson: Anything else?
Holmes: Pipes are occasionally of extraordinary interest. Nothing has more individuality, save perhaps watches and bootlaces. The indications here, however, are neither very marked nor very important. The owner is obviously a muscular man, left-handed, with an excellent set of teeth, careless in his habits, and with no need to practise economy.
Watson: You think a man must be well-to-do if he smokes a seven-shilling pipe.
Holmes: This is Grosvenor mixture at eightpence an ounce. As he might get an excellent smoke for half the price, he has no need to practise economy. He has been in the habit of lighting his pipe at lamps and gas-jets. You can see that it is quite charred all down one side. Of course a match could not have done that. Why should a man hold a match to the side of his pipe? But you cannot light it at a lamp without getting the bowl charred. And it is all on the right side of the pipe. From that I gather that he is a left-handed man. You hold your own pipe to the lamp, and see how naturally you, being right-handed, hold the left side to the flame. You might do it once the other way, but not as a constancy. This has always been held so. Then he has bitten through his amber. It takes a muscular, energetic fellow, and one with a good set of teeth, to do that. But if I am not mistaken I hear him upon the stair, so we shall have something more interesting than his pipe to study.
###
Holmes: I can see that you have not slept for a night or two. That tries a man's nerves more than work, and more even than pleasure. May I ask how I can help you?
Grant Munro: I wanted your advice, sir. I don't know what to do and my whole life seems to have gone to pieces.
Holmes: You wish to employ me as a consulting detective?
Grant Munro: Not that only. I want your opinion as a judicious man--as a man of the world. I want to know what I ought to do next. I hope to God you'll be able to tell me.
Grant Munro: It's a very delicate thing. One does not like to speak of one's domestic affairs to strangers. It seems dreadful to discuss the conduct of one's wife with two men whom I have never seen before. It's horrible to have to do it. But I've got to the end of my tether, and I must have advice.
Grant Munro: What! you know my name?
###
Holmes: My dear Mr. Grant Munro--
Grant Munro: What! you know my name?
Holmes: If you wish to preserve your incognito, I would suggest that you cease to write your name upon the lining of your hat, or else that you turn the crown towards the person whom you are addressing. I was about to say that my friend and I have listened to a good many strange secrets in this room, and that we have had the good fortune to bring peace to many troubled souls. I trust that we may do as much for you. Might I beg you, as time may prove to be of importance, to furnish me with the facts of your case without further delay?
Grant Munro: The facts are these, Mr. Holmes. I am a married man, and have been so for three years. During that time my wife and I have loved each other as fondly and lived as happily as any two that ever were joined. We have not had a difference, not one, in thought or word or deed. And now, since last Monday, there has suddenly sprung up a barrier between us, and I find that there is something in her life and in her thought of which I know as little as if she were the woman who brushes by me in the street. We are estranged, and I want to know why. Now there is one thing that I want to impress upon you before I go any further, Mr. Holmes. Effie loves me. Don't let there be any mistake about that. She loves me with her whole heart and soul, and never more than now. I know it. I feel it. I don't want to argue about that. A man can tell easily enough when a woman loves him. But there's this secret between us, and we can never be the same until it is cleared.
###
Holmes: Kindly let me have the facts, Mr. Munro.
Munro: I'll tell you what I know about Effie's history. She was a widow when I met her first, though quite young--only twenty-five. Her name then was Mrs. Hebron. She went out to America when she was young, and lived in the town of Atlanta, where she married this Hebron, who was a lawyer with a good practice. They had one child, but the yellow fever broke out badly in the place, and both husband and child died of it. I have seen his death certificate. This sickened her of America, and she came back to live with a maiden aunt at Pinner, in Middlesex. I may mention that her husband had left her comfortably off, and that she had a capital of about four thousand five hundred pounds, which had been so well invested by him that it returned an average of seven per cent. She had only been six months at Pinner when I met her; we fell in love with each other, and we married a few weeks afterwards. I am a hop merchant myself, and as I have an income of seven or eight hundred, we found ourselves comfortably off, and took a nice eighty-pound-a-year villa at Norbury. Our little place was very countrified, considering that it is so close to town. We had an inn and two houses a little above us, and a single cottage at the other side of the field which faces us, and except those there were no houses until you got half way to the station. My business took me into town at certain seasons, but in summer I had less to do, and then in our country home my wife and I were just as happy as could be wished. I tell you that there never was a shadow between us until this accursed affair began. There's one thing I ought to tell you before I go further. When we married, my wife made over all her property to me--rather against my will, for I saw how awkward it would be if my business affairs went wrong. However, she would have it so, and it was done. Well, about six weeks ago she came to me.
###
She: I am sorry that I broke my promise, Jack, but if you knew all the circumstances I am sure that you would forgive me. Tell me everything, then. I cannot, Jack, I cannot. Until you tell me who it is that has been living in that cottage, and who it is to whom you have given that photograph, there can never be any confidence between us, said I, and breaking away from her, I left the house. That was yesterday, Mr. Holmes, and I have not seen her since, nor do I know anything more about this strange business. It is the first shadow that has come between us, and it has so shaken me that I do not know what I should do for the best. Suddenly this morning it occurred to me that you were the man to advise me, so I have hurried to you now, and I place myself unreservedly in your hands. If there is any point which I have not made clear, pray question me about it. But, above all, tell me quickly what I am to do, for this misery is more than I can bear.
Holmes: Tell me, could you swear that this was a man's face which you saw at the window? Each time that I saw it I was some distance away from it, so that it is impossible for me to say. You appear, however, to have been disagreeably impressed by it. It seemed to be of an unnatural color, and to have a strange rigidity about the features. When I approached, it vanished with a jerk. How long is it since your wife asked you for a hundred pounds? Nearly two months. Have you ever seen a photograph of her first husband? No, there was a great fire at Atlanta very shortly after his death, and all her papers were destroyed. And yet she had a certificate of death. You say that you saw it.
###
Watson: Nearly two months.
Holmes: Have you ever seen a photograph of her first husband?
Watson: No; there was a great fire at Atlanta very shortly after his death, and all her papers were destroyed.
Holmes: And yet she had a certificate of death. You say that you saw it.
Watson: Yes; she got a duplicate after the fire.
Holmes: Did you ever meet any one who knew her in America?
Watson: No.
Holmes: Did she ever talk of revisiting the place?
Watson: No.
Holmes: Or get letters from it?
Watson: No.
Holmes: Thank you. I should like to think over the matter a little now. If the cottage is now permanently deserted we may have some difficulty. If, on the other hand, as I fancy is more likely, the inmates were warned of your coming, and left before you entered yesterday, then they may be back now, and we should clear it all up easily. Let me advise you, then, to return to Norbury, and to examine the windows of the cottage again. If you have reason to believe that is inhabited, do not force your way in, but send a wire to my friend and me. We shall be with you within an hour of receiving it, and we shall then very soon get to the bottom of the business.
Watson: And if it is still empty?
Holmes: In that case I shall come out to-morrow and talk it over with you. Good-bye, and, above all, do not fret until you know that you really have a cause for it.
Watson: I am afraid that this is a bad business, Watson. What do you make of it?
Holmes: It had an ugly sound.
Watson: Yes. There's blackmail in it, or I am much mistaken.
Holmes: And who is the blackmailer?
Watson: Well, it must be the creature who lives in the only comfortable room in the place, and has her photograph above his fireplace. Upon my word, Watson, there is something very attractive about that livid face at the window, and I would not have missed the case for worlds.
Holmes: You have a theory?
Watson: Yes, a provisional one. But I shall be surprised if it does not turn out to be correct. This woman's first husband is in that cottage.
Holmes: Why do you think so?
###
Holmes: You have a theory?
Watson: Yes, a provisional one. But I shall be surprised if it does not turn out to be correct. This woman's first husband is in that cottage.
Holmes: Why do you think so?
Watson: How else can we explain her frenzied anxiety that her second one should not enter it? The facts, as I read them, are something like this: This woman was married in America. Her husband developed some hateful qualities; or shall we say that he contracted some loathsome disease, and became a leper or an imbecile? She flies from him at last, returns to England, changes her name, and starts her life, as she thinks, afresh. She has been married three years, and believes that her position is quite secure, having shown her husband the death certificate of some man whose name she has assumed, when suddenly her whereabouts is discovered by her first husband; or, we may suppose, by some unscrupulous woman who has attached herself to the invalid. They write to the wife, and threaten to come and expose her. She asks for a hundred pounds, and endeavors to buy them off. They come in spite of it, and when the husband mentions casually to the wife that there are new-comers in the cottage, she knows in some way that they are her pursuers. She waits until her husband is asleep, and then she rushes down to endeavor to persuade them to leave her in peace. Having no success, she goes again next morning, and her husband meets her, as he has told us, as she comes out.
###
Narrator: She promises him then not to go there again, but two days afterwards the hope of getting rid of those dreadful neighbors was too strong for her, and she made another attempt, taking down with her the photograph which had probably been demanded from her. In the midst of this interview the maid rushed in to say that the master had come home, on which the wife, knowing that he would come straight down to the cottage, hurried the inmates out at the back door, into the grove of fir-trees, probably, which was mentioned as standing near. In this way he found the place deserted. I shall be very much surprised, however, if it still so when he reconnoitres it this evening. What do you think of my theory?
Holmes: It is all surmise. But at least it covers all the facts. When new facts come to our knowledge which cannot be covered by it, it will be time enough to reconsider it. We can do nothing more until we have a message from our friend at Norbury.
Narrator: But we had not a very long time to wait for that. It came just as we had finished our tea. "The cottage is still tenanted," it said. "Have seen the face again at the window. Will meet the seven o'clock train, and will take no steps until you arrive."
Friend at Norbury: They are still there, Mr. Holmes, I saw lights in the cottage as I came down. We shall settle it now once and for all.
Holmes: What is your plan, then?
Friend at Norbury: I am going to force my way in and see for myself who is in the house. I wish you both to be there as witnesses.
Holmes: You are quite determined to do this, in spite of your wife's warning that it is better that you should not solve the mystery?
Friend at Norbury: Yes, I am determined.
###
Grant Munro: You are quite determined to do this, in spite of your wife's warning that it is better that you should not solve the mystery?
Holmes: Yes, I am determined.
Grant Munro: Well, I think that you are in the right. Any truth is better than indefinite doubt. We had better go up at once. Of course, legally, we are putting ourselves hopelessly in the wrong; but I think that it is worth it.
Grant Munro: There are the lights of my house. And here is the cottage which I am going to enter.
Grant Munro: There is that creature! You can see for yourselves that some one is there. Now follow me, and we shall soon know all.
Unknown: For God's sake, don't Jack! I had a presentiment that you would come this evening. Think better of it, dear! Trust me again, and you will never have cause to regret it.
###
Holmes: I think that we shall be of more use in London than in Norbury.
Holmes: Watson, if it should ever strike you that I am getting a little over-confident in my powers, or giving less pains to a case than it deserves, kindly whisper 'Norbury' in my ear, and I shall be infinitely obliged to you.
Watson: Ah, my dear Watson, I am very delighted to see you! I trust that Mrs. Watson has entirely recovered from all the little excitements connected with our adventure of the Sign of Four.
Watson: Thank you, we are both very well.
###
Watson: Thank you, we are both very well.
Holmes: And I hope, also, that the cares of medical practice have not entirely obliterated the interest which you used to take in our little deductive problems.
Watson: On the contrary, it was only last night that I was looking over my old notes, and classifying some of our past results.
Holmes: I trust that you don't consider your collection closed.
Watson: Not at all. I should wish nothing better than to have some more of such experiences.
Holmes: Today, for example?
Watson: Yes, today, if you like.
Holmes: And as far off as Birmingham?
Watson: Certainly, if you wish it.
Holmes: And the practice?
Watson: I do my neighbor's when he goes. He is always ready to work off the debt.
Holmes: Ha! Nothing could be better. I perceive that you have been unwell lately. Summer colds are always a little trying.
Watson: I was confined to the house by a severe chill for three days last week. I thought, however, that I had cast off every trace of it.
Holmes: So you have. You look remarkably robust.
Watson: How, then, did you know of it?
Holmes: My dear fellow, you know my methods.
Watson: You deduced it, then?
Holmes: Certainly.
Watson: And from what?
Holmes: From your slippers. Your slippers are new. You could not have had them more than a few weeks. The soles which you are at this moment presenting to me are slightly scorched. For a moment I thought they might have got wet and been burned in the drying. But near the instep there is a small circular wafer of paper with the shopman's hieroglyphics upon it. Damp would of course have removed this. You had, then, been sitting with our feet outstretched to the fire, which a man would hardly do even in so wet a June as this if he were in his full health.
###
Watson: Like all Holmes's reasoning the thing seemed simplicity itself when it was once explained.
Watson: I am afraid that I rather give myself away when I explain. Results without causes are much more impressive. You are ready to come to Birmingham, then?
Holmes: Certainly. What is the case?
Watson: You shall hear it all in the train. My client is outside in a four-wheeler. Can you come at once?
Holmes: In an instant.
Watson: Your neighbor is a doctor.
Holmes: An old established one?
Watson: Just the same as mine. Both have been ever since the houses were built.
Holmes: Ah! Then you got hold of the best of the two. I think I did. But how do you know?
Watson: By the steps, my boy. Yours are worn three inches deeper than his. But this gentleman in the cab is my client, Mr. Hall Pycroft. Allow me to introduce you to him. Whip your horse up, cabby, for we have only just time to catch our train.
Watson: The man whom I found myself facing was a well built, fresh-complexioned young fellow, with a frank, honest face and a slight, crisp, yellow mustache. He wore a very shiny top hat and a neat suit of sober black, which made him look what he was--a smart young City man, of the class who have been labeled cockneys, but who give us our crack volunteer regiments, and who turn out more fine athletes and sportsmen than any body of men in these islands. His round, ruddy face was naturally full of cheeriness, but the corners of his mouth seemed to me to be pulled down in a half-comical distress. It was not, however, until we were all in a first-class carriage and well started upon our journey to Birmingham that I was able to learn what the trouble was which had driven him to Sherlock Holmes.
###
Holmes: We have a clear run here of seventy minutes. I want you, Mr. Hall Pycroft, to tell my friend your very interesting experience exactly as you have told it to me, or with more detail if possible. It will be of use to me to hear the succession of events again. It is a case, Watson, which may prove to have something in it, or may prove to have nothing, but which, at least, presents those unusual and outr features which are as dear to you as they are to me. Now, Mr. Pycroft, I shall not interrupt you again.
Pycroft: The worst of the story is that I show myself up as such a confounded fool. Of course it may work out all right, and I don't see that I could have done otherwise; but if I have lost my crib and get nothing in exchange I shall feel what a soft Johnnie I have been. I'm not very good at telling a story, Dr. Watson, but it is like this with me: I used to have a billet at Coxon & Woodhouse's, of Draper's Gardens, but they were let in early in the spring through the Venezuelan loan, as no doubt you remember, and came a nasty cropper. I had been with them five years, and old Coxon gave me a ripping good testimonial when the smash came, but of course we clerks were all turned adrift, the twenty-seven of us. I tried here and tried there, but there were lots of other chaps on the same lay as myself, and it was a perfect frost for a long time. I had been taking three pounds a week at Coxon's, and I had saved about seventy of them, but I soon worked my way through that and out at the other end. I was fairly at the end of my tether at last, and could hardly find the stamps to answer the advertisements or the envelopes to stick them to. I had worn out my boots paddling up office stairs, and I seemed just as far from getting a billet as ever.
###
Pycroft: Not reliable ones. Their system is different from ours. Stick at it, and let me have the lists by Monday, at twelve. Good-day, Mr. Pycroft. If you continue to show zeal and intelligence you will find the company a good master.
Pycroft: Thank you very much. I fear that I underrated the difficulty of the task. This list will be of very material assistance to me.
Pycroft: It took some time.
Pycroft: And now, I want you to make a list of the furniture shops, for they all sell crockery. Very good. And you can come up tomorrow evening, at seven, and let me know how you are getting on. Don't overwork yourself. A couple of hours at Day's Music Hall in the evening would do you no harm after your labors.
Holmes: Sherlock Holmes rubbed his hands with delight, and I stared with astonishment at our client.
###
Holmes: You may well look surprised, Dr. Watson; but it is this way. When I was speaking to the other chap in London, at the time that he laughed at my not going to Mawson's, I happened to notice that his tooth was stuffed in this very identical fashion. The glint of the gold in each case caught my eye, you see. When I put that with the voice and figure being the same, and only those things altered which might be changed by a razor or a wig, I could not doubt that it was the same man. Of course you expect two brothers to be alike, but not that they should have the same tooth stuffed in the same way. He bowed me out, and I found myself in the street, hardly knowing whether I was on my head or my heels. Back I went to my hotel, put my head in a basin of cold water, and tried to think it out. Why had he sent me from London to Birmingham? Why had he got there before me? And why had he written a letter from himself to himself? It was altogether too much for me, and I could make no sense of it. And then suddenly it struck me that what was dark to me might be very light to Mr. Sherlock Holmes. I had just time to get up to town by the night train to see him this morning, and to bring you both back with me to Birmingham.
Watson: But how can we do it?
###
Watson: But how can we do it?
Pycroft: Oh, easily enough. You are two friends of mine who are in want of a billet, and what could be more natural than that I should bring you both round to the managing director?
Holmes: Quite so, of course. I should like to have a look at the gentleman, and see if I can make anything of his little game. What qualities have you, my friend, which would make your services so valuable? Or is it possible that--
Holmes: That is suggestive.
Clerk: By Jove, I told you so! That's he walking ahead of us there.
Pycroft: There he goes! These are the company's offices into which he has gone. Come with me, and I'll fix it up as easily as possible.
###
Hall Pycroft: There he goes! These are the company's offices into which he has gone. Come with me, and I'll fix it up as easily as possible.
Hall Pycroft: You look ill, Mr. Pinner!
Mr. Pinner: Yes, I am not very well. Who are these gentlemen whom you have brought with you?
Clerk: One is Mr. Harris, of Bermondsey, and the other is Mr. Price, of this town. They are friends of mine and gentlemen of experience, but they have been out of a place for some little time, and they hoped that perhaps you might find an opening for them in the company's employment.
Mr. Pinner: Very possibly! Very possibly! Yes, I have no doubt that we shall be able to do something for you. What is your particular line, Mr. Harris?
Holmes: I am an accountant.
Mr. Pinner: Ah yes, we shall want something of the sort. And you, Mr. Price?
Watson: A clerk.
###
Holmes: I am an accountant.
Pycroft: Ah yes, we shall want something of the sort. And you, Mr. Price?
Price: A clerk.
Pycroft: I have every hope that the company may accommodate you. I will let you know about it as soon as we come to any conclusion. And now I beg that you will go. For God's sake leave me to myself!
Holmes: What now? Is he giving us the slip?
Pycroft: Impossible.
Holmes: Why so?
Pycroft: That door leads into an inner room. There is no exit.
Holmes: Is it furnished?
Pycroft: It was empty yesterday.
Holmes: Then what on earth can he be doing? There is something which I don't understand in his manner. If ever a man was three parts mad with terror, that man's name is Pinner. What can have put the shivers on him?
Watson: He suspects that we are detectives.
Pycroft: That's it.
Holmes: He did not turn pale. He was pale when we entered the room. It is just possible that--
Price: What the deuce is he knocking at his own door for?
###
Clerk: What the deuce is he knocking at his own door for?
Holmes: What do you think of him, Watson?
###
Holmes: What do you think of him, Watson?
Watson: It has been touch and go with him, but he'll live now. Just open that window, and hand me the water carafe. It's only a question of time now.
Holmes: I suppose we ought to call the police in now. And yet I confess that I'd like to give them a complete case when they come.
Pycroft: It's a blessed mystery to me. Whatever they wanted to bring me all the way up here for, and then--
Holmes: Pooh! All that is clear enough. It is this last sudden move. You understand the rest, then?
Pycroft: I think that it is fairly obvious. What do you say, Watson?
Watson: I must confess that I am out of my depths.
Holmes: Oh surely if you consider the events at first they can only point to one conclusion. What do you make of them?
Watson: Well, the whole thing hinges upon two points. The first is the making of Pycroft write a declaration by which he entered the service of this preposterous company. Do you not see how very suggestive that is? I am afraid I miss the point. Well, why did they want him to do it? Not as a business matter, for these arrangements are usually verbal, and there was no earthly business reason why this should be an exception. Don't you see, my young friend, that they were very anxious to obtain a specimen of your handwriting, and had no other way of doing it? And why?
###
Holmes: And why?
Watson: Quite so. Why? When we answer that we have made some progress with our little problem. Why? There can be only one adequate reason. Someone wanted to learn to imitate your writing, and had to procure a specimen of it first. And now if we pass on to the second point we find that each throws light upon the other. That point is the request made by Pinner that you should not resign your place, but should leave the manager of this important business in the full expectation that a Mr. Hall Pycroft, whom he had never seen, was about to enter the office upon the Monday morning.
Client: My God! what a blind beetle I have been!
Holmes: Now you see the point about the handwriting. Suppose that some one turned up in your place who wrote a completely different hand from that in which you had applied for the vacancy, of course the game would have been up. But in the interval the rogue had learned to imitate you, and his position was therefore secure, as I presume that nobody in the office had ever set eyes upon you.
Pycroft: Not a soul.
Holmes: Very good. Of course it was of the utmost importance to prevent you from thinking better of it, and also to keep you from coming into contact with any one who might tell you that your double was at work in Mawson's office. Therefore they gave you a handsome advance on your salary, and ran you off to the Midlands, where they gave you enough work to do to prevent your going to London, where you might have burst their little game up. That is all plain enough.
Pycroft: But why should this man pretend to be his own brother?
###
Holmes: But why should this man pretend to be his own brother?
Watson: Well, that is pretty clear also. There are evidently only two of them in it. The other is impersonating you at the office. This one acted as your engager, and then found that he could not find you an employer without admitting a third person into his plot. That he was most unwilling to do. He changed his appearance as far as he could, and trusted that the likeness, which you could not fail to observe, would be put down to a family resemblance. But for the happy chance of the gold stuffing, your suspicions would probably never have been aroused.
Pycroft: Good Lord! while I have been fooled in this way, what has this other Hall Pycroft been doing at Mawson's? What should we do, Mr. Holmes? Tell me what to do.
Holmes: We must wire to Mawson's.
Pycroft: They shut at twelve on Saturdays.
Holmes: Never mind. There may be some door-keeper or attendant--
Pycroft: Ah yes, they keep a permanent guard there on account of the value of the securities that they hold. I remember hearing it talked of in the City.
Holmes: Very good; we shall wire to him, and see if all is well, and if a clerk of your name is working there. That is clear enough; but what is not so clear is why at sight of us one of the rogues should instantly walk out of the room and hang himself.
Voice: The paper!
###
Unknown: The paper!
Holmes: The paper! Of course! Idiot that I was! I thought so much of our visit that the paper never entered my head for an instant. To be sure, the secret must be there. Look at this, Watson. It is a London paper, an early edition of the Evening Standard. Here is what we want. Look at the headlines: 'Crime in the City. Murder at Mawson & Williams's. Gigantic attempted Robbery. Capture of the Criminal.' Here, Watson, we are all equally anxious to hear it, so kindly read it aloud to us.
###
Narrator: It was at once clear that a daring and gigantic robbery had been committed. Nearly a hundred thousand pounds' worth of American railway bonds, with a large amount of scrip in mines and other companies, was discovered in the bag. On examining the premises the body of the unfortunate watchman was found doubled up and thrust into the largest of the safes, where it would not have been discovered until Monday morning had it not been for the prompt action of Sergeant Tuson. The man's skull had been shattered by a blow from a poker delivered from behind. There could be no doubt that Beddington had obtained entrance by pretending that he had left something behind him, and having murdered the watchman, rapidly rifled the large safe, and then made off with his booty. His brother, who usually works with him, has not appeared in this job as far as can at present be ascertained, although the police are making energetic inquiries as to his whereabouts.
Holmes: Well, we may save the police some little trouble in that direction. Human nature is a strange mixture, Watson. You see that even a villain and murderer can inspire such affection that his brother turns to suicide when he learns that his neck is forfeited. However, we have no choice as to our action. The doctor and I will remain on guard, Mr. Pycroft, if you will have the kindness to step out for the police.
Holmes: I have some papers here, which I really think, Watson, that it would be worth your while to glance over. These are the documents in the extraordinary case of the Gloria Scott, and this is the message which struck Justice of the Peace Trevor dead with horror when he read it.
###
Watson: The supply of game for London is going steadily up. Head-keeper Hudson, we believe, has been now told to receive all orders for fly-paper and for preservation of your hen-pheasant's life.
Holmes: You look a little bewildered. I cannot see how such a message as this could inspire horror. It seems to me to be rather grotesque than otherwise.
Watson: Very likely. Yet the fact remains that the reader, who was a fine, robust old man, was knocked clean down by it as if it had been the butt end of a pistol.
Watson: You arouse my curiosity. But why did you say just now that there were very particular reasons why I should study this case?
Holmes: Because it was the first in which I was ever engaged.
Holmes: You never heard me talk of Victor Trevor? He was the only friend I made during the two years I was at college. I was never a very sociable fellow, Watson, always rather fond of moping in my rooms and working out my own little methods of thought, so that I never mixed much with the men of my year. Bar fencing and boxing I had few athletic tastes, and then my line of study was quite distinct from that of the other fellows, so that we had no points of contact at all. Trevor was the only man I knew, and that only through the accident of his bull terrier freezing on to my ankle one morning as I went down to chapel.
###
Holmes: Come, now, Mr. Holmes, I'm an excellent subject, if you can deduce anything from me.
Watson: I fear there is not very much. I might suggest that you have gone about in fear of some personal attack within the last twelve months.
Trevor: Well, that's true enough. You know, Victor, when we broke up that poaching gang they swore to knife us, and Sir Edward Holly has actually been attacked. I've always been on my guard since then, though I have no idea how you know it.
Holmes: You have a very handsome stick. By the inscription I observed that you had not had it more than a year. But you have taken some pains to bore the head of it and pour melted lead into the hole so as to make it a formidable weapon. I argued that you would not take such precautions unless you had some danger to fear.
Trevor: Anything else?
Holmes: You have boxed a good deal in your youth.
Trevor: Right again. How did you know it? Is my nose knocked a little out of the straight?
Holmes: No, it is your ears. They have the peculiar flattening and thickening which marks the boxing man.
Trevor: Anything else?
Holmes: You have done a good deal of digging by your callosities.
Trevor: Made all my money at the gold fields.
Holmes: You have been in New Zealand.
Trevor: Right again.
Holmes: You have visited Japan.
Trevor: Quite true.
Holmes: And you have been most intimately associated with someone whose initials were J. A., and whom you afterwards were eager to entirely forget.
###
Holmes: You have been in New Zealand.
Watson: Right again.
Holmes: You have visited Japan.
Watson: Quite true.
Holmes: And you have been most intimately associated with some one whose initials were J. A., and whom you afterwards were eager to entirely forget.
Trevor: Ah, boys, I hope I haven't frightened you. Strong as I look, there is a weak place in my heart, and it does not take much to knock me over. I don't know how you manage this, Mr. Holmes, but it seems to me that all the detectives of fact and of fancy would be children in your hands. That's your line of life, sir, and you may take the word of a man who has seen something of the world.
Watson: I hope that I have said nothing to pain you?
Trevor: Well, you certainly touched upon rather a tender point. Might I ask how you know, and how much you know?
###
Watson: Well, you certainly touched upon rather a tender point. Might I ask how you know, and how much you know?
Holmes: It is simplicity itself. When you bared your arm to draw that fish into the boat I saw that J. A. had been tattooed in the bend of the elbow. The letters were still legible, but it was perfectly clear from their blurred appearance, and from the staining of the skin round them, that efforts had been made to obliterate them. It was obvious, then, that those initials had once been very familiar to you, and that you had afterwards wished to forget them.
Watson: What an eye you have! It is just as you say. But we won't talk of it. Of all ghosts the ghosts of our old lovers are the worst. Come into the billiard-room and have a quiet cigar.
Trevor: You've given the governor such a turn that he'll never be sure again of what you know and what you don't know.
Watson: We were sitting out upon the lawn on garden chairs, the three of us, basking in the sun and admiring the view across the Broads, when a maid came out to say that there was a man at the door who wanted to see Mr. Trevor.
Trevor: What is his name?
Maid: He would not give any.
Trevor: What does he want, then?
Maid: He says that you know him, and that he only wants a moment's conversation.
###
Holmes: The supply of game for London is going steadily up. Head-keeper Hudson, we believe, has been now told to receive all orders for fly-paper and for preservation of your hen-pheasant's life.
Watson: I dare say my face looked as bewildered as yours did just now when first I read this message. Then I reread it very carefully. It was evidently as I had thought, and some secret meaning must lie buried in this strange combination of words. Or could it be that there was a prearranged significance to such phrases as 'fly-paper' and 'hen-pheasant'? Such a meaning would be arbitrary and could not be deduced in any way. And yet I was loath to believe that this was the case, and the presence of the word Hudson seemed to show that the subject of the message was as I had guessed, and that it was from Beddoes rather than the sailor. I tried it backwards, but the combination 'life pheasant's hen' was not encouraging. Then I tried alternate words, but neither 'the of for' nor 'supply game London' promised to throw any light upon it. And then in an instant the key of the riddle was in my hands, and I saw that every third word, beginning with the first, would give a message which might well drive old Trevor to despair. It was short and terse, the warning, as I now read it to my companion: 'The game is up. Hudson has told all. Fly for your life.'
Trevor: It must be that, I suppose. This is worse than death, for it means disgrace as well. But what is the meaning of these "head-keepers" and "hen-pheasants"?
###
Victor Trevor: It must be that, I suppose. This is worse than death, for it means disgrace as well. But what is the meaning of these "head-keepers" and "hen-pheasants"?
Holmes: It means nothing to the message, but it might mean a good deal to us if we had no other means of discovering the sender. You see that he has begun by writing "The ... game ... is," and so on. Afterwards he had, to fulfill the prearranged cipher, to fill in any two words in each space. He would naturally use the first words which came to his mind, and if there were so many which referred to sport among them, you may be tolerably sure that he is either an ardent shot or interested in breeding. Do you know anything of this Beddoes?
Victor Trevor: Why, now that you mention it, I remember that my poor father used to have an invitation from him to shoot over his preserves every autumn.
Holmes: Then it is undoubtedly from him that the note comes. It only remains for us to find out what this secret was which the sailor Hudson seems to have held over the heads of these two wealthy and respected men.
Victor Trevor: Alas, Holmes, I fear that it is one of sin and shame! But from you I shall have no secrets. Here is the statement which was drawn up by my father when he knew that the danger from Hudson had become imminent. I found it in the Japanese cabinet, as he told the doctor. Take it and read it to me, for I have neither the strength nor the courage to do it myself.
Holmes: These are the very papers, Watson, which he handed to me, and I will read them to you, as I read them in the old study that night to him. They are endorsed outside, as you see, 'Some particulars of the voyage of the bark Gloria Scott, from her leaving Falmouth on the 8th October, 1855, to her destruction in N. Lat. 15 20', W. Long. 25 14' on Nov. 6th.' It is in the form of a letter, and runs in this way:
###
Watson: What are we to do, then?
Holmes: What do you think? We'll make the coats of some of these soldiers redder than ever the tailor did.
Watson: But they are armed.
Holmes: And so shall we be, my boy. There's a brace of pistols for every mother's son of us, and if we can't carry this ship, with the crew at our back, it's time we were all sent to a young misses' boarding-school. You speak to your mate upon the left to-night, and see if he is to be trusted.
Watson: I did so, and found my other neighbor to be a young fellow in much the same position as myself, whose crime had been forgery. His name was Evans, but he afterwards changed it, like myself, and he is now a rich and prosperous man in the south of England. He was ready enough to join the conspiracy, as the only means of saving ourselves, and before we had crossed the Bay there were only two of the prisoners who were not in the secret. One of these was of weak mind, and we did not dare to trust him, and the other was suffering from jaundice, and could not be of any use to us. From the beginning there was really nothing to prevent us from taking possession of the ship. The crew were a set of ruffians, specially picked for the job. The sham chaplain came into our cells to exhort us, carrying a black bag, supposed to be full of tracts, and so often did he come that by the third day we had each stowed away at the foot of our beds a file, a brace of pistols, a pound of powder, and twenty slugs. Two of the warders were agents of Prendergast, and the second mate was his right-hand man. The captain, the two mates, two warders Lieutenant Martin, his eighteen soldiers, and the doctor were all that we had against us. Yet, safe as it was, we determined to neglect no precaution, and to make our attack suddenly by night. It came, however, more quickly than we expected, and in this way.
###
Holmes: That was the narrative which I read that night to young Trevor, and I think, Watson, that under the circumstances it was a dramatic one. The good fellow was heart-broken at it, and went out to the Terai tea planting, where I hear that he is doing well. As to the sailor and Beddoes, neither of them was ever heard of again after that day on which the letter of warning was written. They both disappeared utterly and completely. No complaint had been lodged with the police, so that Beddoes had mistaken a threat for a deed. Hudson had been seen lurking about, and it was believed by the police that he had done away with Beddoes and had fled. For myself I believe that the truth was exactly the opposite. I think that it is most probable that Beddoes, pushed to desperation and believing himself to have been already betrayed, had revenged himself upon Hudson, and had fled from the country with as much money as he could lay his hands on. Those are the facts of the case, Doctor, and if they are of any use to your collection, I am sure that they are very heartily at your service.
###
Watson: Our chambers were always full of chemicals and of criminal relics which had a way of wandering into unlikely positions, and of turning up in the butter-dish or in even less desirable places. But his papers were my great crux. He had a horror of destroying documents, especially those which were connected with his past cases, and yet it was only once in every year or two that he would muster energy to docket and arrange them; for, as I have mentioned somewhere in these incoherent memoirs, the outbursts of passionate energy when he performed the remarkable feats with which his name is associated were followed by reactions of lethargy during which he would lie about with his violin and his books, hardly moving save from the sofa to the table. Thus month after month his papers accumulated, until every corner of the room was stacked with bundles of manuscript which were on no account to be burned, and which could not be put away save by their owner. One winter's night, as we sat together by the fire, I ventured to suggest to him that, as he had finished pasting extracts into his common-place book, he might employ the next two hours in making our room a little more habitable. He could not deny the justice of my request, so with a rather rueful face he went off to his bedroom, from which he returned presently pulling a large tin box behind him. This he placed in the middle of the floor and, squatting down upon a stool in front of it, he threw back the lid. I could see that it was already a third full of bundles of paper tied up with red tape into separate packages.
Holmes: There are cases enough here, Watson. I think that if you knew all that I had in this box you would ask me to pull some out instead of putting others in.
Watson: These are the records of your early work, then? I have often wished that I had notes of those cases.
###
Watson: These are the records of your early work, then? I have often wished that I had notes of those cases.
Holmes: Yes, my boy, these were all done prematurely before my biographer had come to glorify me. They are not all successes, Watson. But there are some pretty little problems among them. Here's the record of the Tarleton murders, and the case of Vamberry, the wine merchant, and the adventure of the old Russian woman, and the singular affair of the aluminium crutch, as well as a full account of Ricoletti of the club-foot, and his abominable wife. And here--ah, now, this really is something a little recherch.
Holmes: Well, my boy, what do you make of this lot? It is a curious collection.
Watson: Very curious, and the story that hangs round it will strike you as being more curious still. These relics have a history then?
Holmes: So much so that they are history. What do you mean by that?
Watson: I should be so glad if you would give me an account of it.
###
Watson: I should be so glad if you would give me an account of it.
Holmes: And leave the litter as it is? Your tidiness won't bear much strain after all, Watson. But I should be glad that you should add this case to your annals, for there are points in it which make it quite unique in the criminal records of this or, I believe, of any other country. A collection of my trifling achievements would certainly be incomplete which contained no account of this very singular business. You may remember how the affair of the Gloria Scott, and my conversation with the unhappy man whose fate I told you of, first turned my attention in the direction of the profession which has become my life's work. You see me now when my name has become known far and wide, and when I am generally recognized both by the public and by the official force as being a final court of appeal in doubtful cases. Even when you knew me first, at the time of the affair which you have commemorated in 'A Study in Scarlet,' I had already established a considerable, though not a very lucrative, connection. You can hardly realize, then, how difficult I found it at first, and how long I had to wait before I succeeded in making any headway.
###
Watson: How has all gone with you Musgrave?
Musgrave: You probably heard of my poor father's death, he was carried off about two years ago. Since then I have of course had the Hurlstone estates to manage, and as I am member for my district as well, my life has been a busy one. But I understand, Holmes, that you are turning to practical ends those powers with which you used to amaze us?
Holmes: Yes, I have taken to living by my wits.
Musgrave: I am delighted to hear it, for your advice at present would be exceedingly valuable to me. We have had some very strange doings at Hurlstone, and the police have been able to throw no light upon the matter. It is really the most extraordinary and inexplicable business.
Watson: Pray, let me have the details.
Musgrave: You must know that though I am a bachelor, I have to keep up a considerable staff of servants at Hurlstone, for it is a rambling old place, and takes a good deal of looking after. I preserve, too, and in the pheasant months I usually have a house-party, so that it would not do to be short-handed. Altogether there are eight maids, the cook, the butler, two footmen, and a boy. The garden and the stables of course have a separate staff.
###
Watson: We had better come back to the paper afterwards.
Holmes: If you think it really necessary. To continue my statement, however: I relocked the bureau, using the key which Brunton had left, and I had turned to go when I was surprised to find that the butler had returned, and was standing before me.
Butler: Mr. Musgrave, sir, he cried, in a voice which was hoarse with emotion, "I can't bear disgrace, sir. I've always been proud above my station in life, and disgrace would kill me. My blood will be on your head, sir--it will, indeed--if you drive me to despair. If you cannot keep me after what has passed, then for God's sake let me give you notice and leave in a month, as if of my own free will. I could stand that, Mr. Musgrave, but not to be cast out before all the folk that I know so well."
Musgrave: You don't deserve much consideration, Brunton, I answered. "Your conduct has been most infamous. However, as you have been a long time in the family, I have no wish to bring public disgrace upon you. A week, however is too long. Take yourself away in a week, and give what reason you like for going."
Butler: Only a week, sir? he cried, in a despairing voice. "A fortnight--say at least a fortnight!"
Musgrave: A week, I repeated, "and you may consider yourself to have been very leniently dealt with."
Butler: He crept away, his face sunk upon his breast, like a broken man, while I put out the light and returned to my room.
Musgrave: For two days after this Brunton was most assiduous in his attention to his duties. I made no allusion to what had passed, and waited with some curiosity to see how he would cover his disgrace. On the third morning, however he did not appear, as was his custom, after breakfast to receive my instructions for the day. As I left the dining-room I happened to meet Rachel Howells, the maid. I have told you that she had only recently recovered from an illness, and was looking so wretchedly pale and wan that I remonstrated with her for being at work.
###
Holmes: You can imagine, Watson, with what eagerness I listened to this extraordinary sequence of events, and endeavored to piece them together, and to devise some common thread upon which they might all hang. The butler was gone. The maid was gone. The maid had loved the butler, but had afterwards had cause to hate him. She was of Welsh blood, fiery and passionate. She had been terribly excited immediately after his disappearance. She had flung into the lake a bag containing some curious contents. These were all factors which had to be taken into consideration, and yet none of them got quite to the heart of the matter. What was the starting-point of this chain of events? There lay the end of this tangled line.
Holmes: I must see that paper, Musgrave, which this butler of yours thought it worth his while to consult, even at the risk of the loss of his place.
Musgrave: It is rather an absurd business, this ritual of ours. But it has at least the saving grace of antiquity to excuse it. I have a copy of the questions and answers here if you care to run your eye over them.
Holmes: He handed me the very paper which I have here, Watson, and this is the strange catechism to which each Musgrave had to submit when he came to man's estate. I will read you the questions and answers as they stand.
Holmes: Whose was it?
Musgrave: His who is gone.
Holmes: Who shall have it?
Musgrave: He who will come.
Holmes: What was the month?
Musgrave: The sixth from the first.
Holmes: Where was the sun?
Musgrave: Over the oak.
Holmes: Where was the shadow?
Musgrave: Under the elm.
Holmes: How was it stepped?
Musgrave: North by ten and by ten, east by five and by five, south by two and by two, west by one and by one, and so under.
Holmes: What shall we give for it?
Musgrave: All that is ours.
Holmes: Why should we give it?
Musgrave: For the sake of the trust.
Musgrave: The original has no date, but is in the spelling of the middle of the seventeenth century. I am afraid, however, that it can be of little help to you in solving this mystery.
###
Watson: This was an unexpected piece of luck. My data were coming more quickly than I could have reasonably hoped.
Watson: Tell me, did your butler ever ask you such a question?
Reginald Musgrave: Now that you call it to my mind, Brunton did ask me about the height of the tree some months ago, in connection with some little argument with the groom.
Watson: This was excellent news, Watson, for it showed me that I was on the right road. I looked up at the sun. It was low in the heavens, and I calculated that in less than an hour it would lie just above the topmost branches of the old oak. One condition mentioned in the Ritual would then be fulfilled. And the shadow of the elm must mean the farther end of the shadow, otherwise the trunk would have been chosen as the guide. I had, then, to find where the far end of the shadow would fall when the sun was just clear of the oak.
Holmes: That must have been difficult, Holmes, when the elm was no longer there.
Holmes: Well, at least I knew that if Brunton could do it, I could also. Besides, there was no real difficulty. I went with Musgrave to his study and whittled myself this peg, to which I tied this long string with a knot at each yard. Then I took two lengths of a fishing-rod, which came to just six feet, and I went back with my client to where the elm had been. The sun was just grazing the top of the oak. I fastened the rod on end, marked out the direction of the shadow, and measured it. It was nine feet in length.
###
Holmes: Of course the calculation now was a simple one. If a rod of six feet threw a shadow of nine, a tree of sixty-four feet would throw one of ninety-six, and the line of the one would of course be the line of the other. I measured out the distance, which brought me almost to the wall of the house, and I thrust a peg into the spot. You can imagine my exultation, Watson, when within two inches of my peg I saw a conical depression in the ground. I knew that it was the mark made by Brunton in his measurements, and that I was still upon his trail. From this starting-point I proceeded to step, having first taken the cardinal points by my pocket-compass. Ten steps with each foot took me along parallel with the wall of the house, and again I marked my spot with a peg. Then I carefully paced off five to the east and two to the south. It brought me to the very threshold of the old door. Two steps to the west meant now that I was to go two paces down the stone-flagged passage, and this was the place indicated by the Ritual. Never have I felt such a cold chill of disappointment, Watson. For a moment it seemed to me that there must be some radical mistake in my calculations. The setting sun shone full upon the passage floor, and I could see that the old, foot-worn gray stones with which it was paved were firmly cemented together, and had certainly not been moved for many a long year. Brunton had not been at work here. I tapped upon the floor, but it sounded the same all over, and there was no sign of any crack or crevice. But fortunately, Musgrave, who had begun to appreciate the meaning of my proceedings, and who was now as excited as myself, took out his manuscript to check my calculation. 'And under,' he cried. 'You have omitted the "and under."' I had thought that it meant that we were to dig, but now, of course, I saw at once that I was wrong. 'There is a cellar under this then?' I cried. 'Yes, and as old as the house. Down here, through this door.'
###
Watson: I had thought that it meant that we were to dig, but now, of course, I saw at once that I was wrong. 'There is a cellar under this then?' I cried.
Holmes: Yes, and as old as the house. Down here, through this door.
Watson: By Jove! That's Brunton's muffler. I have seen it on him, and could swear to it. What has the villain been doing here?
Watson: At my suggestion a couple of the county police were summoned to be present, and I then endeavored to raise the stone by pulling on the cravat. I could only move it slightly, and it was with the aid of one of the constables that I succeeded at last in carrying it to one side. A black hole yawned beneath into which we all peered, while Musgrave, kneeling at the side, pushed down the lantern.
Watson: A small chamber about seven feet deep and four feet square lay open to us. At one side of this was a squat, brass-bound wooden box, the lid of which was hinged upwards, with this curious old-fashioned key projecting from the lock. It was furred outside by a thick layer of dust, and damp and worms had eaten through the wood, so that a crop of livid fungi was growing on the inside of it. Several discs of metal, old coins apparently, such as I hold here, were scattered over the bottom of the box, but it contained nothing else.
###
Holmes: You know my methods in such cases, Watson. I put myself in the man's place and, having first gauged his intelligence, I try to imagine how I should myself have proceeded under the same circumstances. In this case the matter was simplified by Brunton's intelligence being quite first-rate, so that it was unnecessary to make any allowance for the personal equation, as the astronomers have dubbed it. He knew that something valuable was concealed. He had spotted the place. He found that the stone which covered it was just too heavy for a man to move unaided. What would he do next? He could not get help from outside, even if he had some one whom he could trust, without the unbarring of doors and considerable risk of detection. It was better, if he could, to have his helpmate inside the house. But whom could he ask? This girl had been devoted to him. A man always finds it hard to realize that he may have finally lost a woman's love, however badly he may have treated her. He would try by a few attentions to make his peace with the girl Howells, and then would engage her as his accomplice. Together they would come at night to the cellar, and their united force would suffice to raise the stone. So far I could follow their actions as if I had actually seen them.
###
Watson: We may find something else of Charles the First. Let me see the contents of the bag which you fished from the mere.
Holmes: You must bear in mind that the royal party made head in England even after the death of the King, and that when they at last fled they probably left many of their most precious possessions buried behind them, with the intention of returning for them in more peaceful times.
Watson: My ancestor, Sir Ralph Musgrave, was a prominent Cavalier and the right-hand man of Charles the Second in his wanderings.
Holmes: Well now, I think that really should give us the last link that we wanted. I must congratulate you on coming into the possession, though in rather a tragic manner, of a relic which is of great intrinsic value, but of even greater importance as an historical curiosity.
Watson: It is nothing less than the ancient crown of the kings of England.
Holmes: Consider what the Ritual says: How does it run? "Whose was it?" "His who is gone." That was after the execution of Charles. Then, "Who shall have it?" "He who will come." That was Charles the Second, whose advent was already foreseen. There can, I think, be no doubt that this battered and shapeless diadem once encircled the brows of the royal Stuarts.
Watson: And how came it in the pond?
###
Holmes: And how came it in the pond?
Watson: Ah, that is a question that will take some time to answer. 
Watson: And how was it then that Charles did not get his crown when he returned?
Musgrave: Ah, there you lay your finger upon the one point which we shall probably never be able to clear up. It is likely that the Musgrave who held the secret died in the interval, and by some oversight left this guide to his descendant without explaining the meaning of it. From that day to this it has been handed down from father to son, until at last it came within reach of a man who tore its secret out of it and lost his life in the venture.
Holmes: And that's the story of the Musgrave Ritual, Watson. They have the crown down at Hurlstone--though they had some legal bother and a considerable sum to pay before they were allowed to retain it. I am sure that if you mentioned my name they would be happy to show it to you. Of the woman nothing was ever heard, and the probability is that she got away out of England and carried herself and the memory of her crime to some land beyond the seas. 
Watson: It was some time before the health of my friend Mr. Sherlock Holmes recovered from the strain caused by his immense exertions in the spring of '87. The whole question of the Netherland-Sumatra Company and of the colossal schemes of Baron Maupertuis are too recent in the minds of the public, and are too intimately concerned with politics and finance to be fitting subjects for this series of sketches. They led, however, in an indirect fashion to a singular and complex problem which gave my friend an opportunity of demonstrating the value of a fresh weapon among the many with which he waged his life-long battle against crime.
###
Holmes: By the way, I think I'll take one of these pistols upstairs with me in case we have an alarm.
Watson: An alarm!
Holmes: Yes, we've had a scare in this part lately. Old Acton had his house broken into last Monday. No great damage done, but the fellows are still at large.
Watson: No clue?
Holmes: None as yet. But the affair is a pretty one, one of our little country crimes, which must seem too small for your attention, Mr. Holmes, after this great international affair.
Holmes: Was there any feature of interest?
Watson: I fancy not. The thieves ransacked the library and got very little for their pains. The whole place was turned upside down, drawers burst open, and presses ransacked, with the result that an odd volume of Pope's Homer, two plated candlesticks, an ivory letter-weight, a small oak barometer, and a ball of twine are all that have vanished.
Watson: What an extraordinary assortment!
Holmes: The fellows evidently grabbed hold of everything they could get.
Holmes: The county police ought to make something of that, why, it is surely obvious that--
Watson: You are here for a rest, my dear fellow. For Heaven's sake don't get started on a new problem when your nerves are all in shreds.
Holmes: *grunts* 
Watson: *holds up a warning finger*
Watson: You are here for a rest, my dear fellow. For Heaven's sake don't get started on a new problem when your nerves are all in shreds.
Holmes: *shrugs his shoulders with a glance of comic resignation towards the Colonel* 
Watson: *the talk drifted away into less dangerous channels.*
###
Holmes: Have you heard the news, sir? At the Cunningham's sir! Burglary!
Colonel: Murder!
Colonel: By Jove! Who's killed, then? The J.P. or his son?
Butler: Neither, sir. It was William the coachman. Shot through the heart, sir, and never spoke again.
Colonel: Who shot him, then?
Butler: The burglar, sir. He was off like a shot and got clean away. He'd just broke in at the pantry window when William came on him and met his end in saving his master's property.
Colonel: What time?
Butler: It was last night, sir, somewhere about twelve.
Colonel: Ah, then, we'll step over afterwards. It's a baddish business, he's our leading man about here, is old Cunningham, and a very decent fellow too. He'll be cut up over this, for the man has been in his service for years and was a good servant.
Holmes: And stole that very singular collection.
Colonel: Precisely.
###
Holmes: And stole that very singular collection.
Watson: Precisely.
Holmes: Hum! It may prove the simplest matter in the world, but all the same at first glance this is just a little curious, is it not? A gang of burglars acting in the country might be expected to vary the scene of their operations, and not to crack two cribs in the same district within a few days. When you spoke last night of taking precautions I remember that it passed through my mind that this was probably the last parish in England to which the thief or thieves would be likely to turn their attention--which shows that I have still much to learn.
Colonel: I fancy it's some local practitioner. In that case, of course, Acton's and Cunningham's are just the places he would go for, since they are far the largest about here.
Holmes: And richest?
Colonel: Well, they ought to be, but they've had a lawsuit for some years which has sucked the blood out of both of them, I fancy. Old Acton has some claim on half Cunningham's estate, and the lawyers have been at it with both hands.
Holmes: If it's a local villain there should not be much difficulty in running him down. All right, Watson, I don't intend to meddle.
Butler: Inspector Forrester, sir.
Inspector: Good-morning, Colonel, I hope I don't intrude, but we hear that Mr. Holmes of Baker Street is here.
Holmes: The fates are against you, Watson. We were chatting about the matter when you came in, Inspector. Perhaps you can let us have a few details.
Holmes: We had no clue in the Acton affair. But here we have plenty to go on, and there's no doubt it is the same party in each case. The man was seen.
###
Watson: We had no clue in the Acton affair. But here we have plenty to go on, and there's no doubt it is the same party in each case. The man was seen.
Holmes: Ah!
Watson: Yes, sir. But he was off like a deer after the shot that killed poor William Kirwan was fired. Mr. Cunningham saw him from the bedroom window, and Mr. Alec Cunningham saw him from the back passage. It was quarter to twelve when the alarm broke out. Mr. Cunningham had just got into bed, and Mr. Alec was smoking a pipe in his dressing-gown. They both heard William the coachman calling for help, and Mr. Alec ran down to see what was the matter. The back door was open, and as he came to the foot of the stairs he saw two men wrestling together outside. One of them fired a shot, the other dropped, and the murderer rushed across the garden and over the hedge. Mr. Cunningham, looking out of his bedroom, saw the fellow as he gained the road, but lost sight of him at once. Mr. Alec stopped to see if he could help the dying man, and so the villain got clean away. Beyond the fact that he was a middle-sized man and dressed in some dark stuff, we have no personal clue; but we are making energetic inquiries, and if he is a stranger we shall soon find him out.
Watson: What was this William doing there? Did he say anything before he died?
Holmes: Not a word. He lives at the lodge with his mother, and as he was a very faithful fellow we imagine that he walked up to the house with the intention of seeing that all was right there. Of course this Acton business has put everyone on their guard. The robber must have just burst open the door--the lock has been forced--when William came upon him.
Watson: Did William say anything to his mother before going out?
Holmes: She is very old and deaf, and we can get no information from her. The shock has made her half-witted, but I understand that she was never very bright. There is one very important circumstance, however. Look at this!
Holmes: He took a small piece of torn paper from a note-book and spread it out upon his knee.
###
Holmes: This was found between the finger and thumb of the dead man. It appears to be a fragment torn from a larger sheet. You will observe that the hour mentioned upon it is the very time at which the poor fellow met his fate. You see that his murderer might have torn the rest of the sheet from him or he might have taken this fragment from the murderer. It reads almost as though it were an appointment.
Holmes: Presuming that it is an appointment, it is of course a conceivable theory that this William Kirwan--though he had the reputation of being an honest man, may have been in league with the thief. He may have met him there, may even have helped him to break in the door, and then they may have fallen out between themselves.
Holmes: This writing is of extraordinary interest. These are much deeper waters than I had thought.
Holmes: Your last remark, as to the possibility of there being an understanding between the burglar and the servant, and this being a note of appointment from one to the other, is an ingenious and not entirely impossible supposition. But this writing opens up--
Holmes: He sank his head into his hands again and remained for some minutes in the deepest thought. When he raised his face again, I was surprised to see that his cheek was tinged with color, and his eyes as bright as before his illness. He sprang to his feet with all his old energy.
###
Holmes: I'll tell you what, I should like to have a quiet little glance into the details of this case. There is something in it which fascinates me extremely. If you will permit me, Colonel, I will leave my friend Watson and you, and I will step round with the Inspector to test the truth of one or two little fancies of mine. I will be with you again in half an hour.
Inspector: Mr. Holmes is walking up and down in the field outside, said he. "He wants us all four to go up to the house together."
Watson: I don't think you need alarm yourself, said I. "I have usually found that there was method in his madness."
Inspector: Some folks might say there was madness in his method, muttered the Inspector. "But he's all on fire to start, Colonel, so we had best go out if you are ready."
Holmes: The matter grows in interest. Watson, your country-trip has been a distinct success. I have had a charming morning.
Colonel: You have been up to the scene of the crime, I understand, said the Colonel.
Holmes: Yes; the Inspector and I have made quite a little reconnaissance together.
Colonel: Any success?
Holmes: Well, we have seen some very interesting things. I'll tell you what we did as we walk. First of all, we saw the body of this unfortunate man. He certainly died from a revolver wound as reported.
Colonel: Had you doubted it, then?
Holmes: Oh, it is as well to test everything. Our inspection was not wasted. We then had an interview with Mr. Cunningham and his son, who were able to point out the exact spot where the murderer had broken through the garden-hedge in his flight. That was of great interest.
###
Holmes: Naturally.
Holmes: Then we had a look at this poor fellow's mother. We could get no information from her, however, as she is very old and feeble.
Inspector: And what is the result of your investigations?
Holmes: The conviction that the crime is a very peculiar one. Perhaps our visit now may do something to make it less obscure. I think that we are both agreed, Inspector, that the fragment of paper in the dead man's hand, bearing, as it does, the very hour of his death written upon it, is of extreme importance.
Inspector: It should give a clue, Mr. Holmes.
Holmes: It does give a clue. Whoever wrote that note was the man who brought William Kirwan out of his bed at that hour. But where is the rest of that sheet of paper?
Inspector: I examined the ground carefully in the hope of finding it.
Holmes: It was torn out of the dead man's hand. Why was some one so anxious to get possession of it? Because it incriminated him. And what would he do with it? Thrust it into his pocket, most likely, never noticing that a corner of it had been left in the grip of the corpse. If we could get the rest of that sheet it is obvious that we should have gone a long way towards solving the mystery.
Inspector: Yes, but how can we get at the criminal's pocket before we catch the criminal?
Holmes: Well, well, it was worth thinking over. Then there is another obvious point. The note was sent to William. The man who wrote it could not have taken it; otherwise, of course, he might have delivered his own message by word of mouth. Who brought the note, then? Or did it come through the post?
Inspector: I have made inquiries. William received a letter by the afternoon post yesterday. The envelope was destroyed by him.
Holmes: Excellent! You've seen the postman. It is a pleasure to work with you. Well, here is the lodge, and if you will come up, Colonel, I will show you the scene of the crime.
###
Holmes: Excellent! You've seen the postman. It is a pleasure to work with you. Well, here is the lodge, and if you will come up, Colonel, I will show you the scene of the crime.
Holmes: Throw the door open, officer. Now, it was on those stairs that young Mr. Cunningham stood and saw the two men struggling just where we are. Old Mr. Cunningham was at that window--the second on the left--and he saw the fellow get away just to the left of that bush. So did the son. They are both sure of it on account of the bush. Then Mr. Alec ran out and knelt beside the wounded man. The ground is very hard, you see, and there are no marks to guide us.
Alec Cunningham: Still at it, then? I thought you Londoners were never at fault. You don't seem to be so very quick, after all.
Holmes: Ah, you must give us a little time.
Alec Cunningham: You'll want it. Why, I don't see that we have any clue at all.
Inspector: There's only one. We thought that if we could only find--Good heavens, Mr. Holmes! What is the matter?
###
Alec Cunningham: You'll want it. Why, I don't see that we have any clue at all.
Inspector: There's only one. We thought that if we could only find--Good heavens, Mr. Holmes! What is the matter?
Holmes: My poor friend's face had suddenly assumed the most dreadful expression. His eyes rolled upwards, his features writhed in agony, and with a suppressed groan he dropped on his face upon the ground. Horrified at the suddenness and severity of the attack, we carried him into the kitchen, where he lay back in a large chair, and breathed heavily for some minutes. Finally, with a shamefaced apology for his weakness, he rose once more.
Holmes: Watson would tell you that I have only just recovered from a severe illness. I am liable to these sudden nervous attacks.
Old Cunningham: Shall I send you home in my trap?
Holmes: Well, since I am here, there is one point on which I should like to feel sure. We can very easily verify it.
Old Cunningham: What was it?
Holmes: Well, it seems to me that it is just possible that the arrival of this poor fellow William was not before, but after, the entrance of the burglary into the house. You appear to take it for granted that, although the door was forced, the robber never got in.
Mr. Cunningham: I fancy that is quite obvious. Why, my son Alec had not yet gone to bed, and he would certainly have heard anyone moving about.
Holmes: Where was he sitting?
Mr. Cunningham: I was smoking in my dressing-room.
Holmes: Which window is that?
Mr. Cunningham: The last on the left next to my father's.
Holmes: Both of your lamps were lit, of course?
Mr. Cunningham: Undoubtedly.
Holmes: There are some very singular points here. Is it not extraordinary that a burglary--and a burglar who had some previous experience--should deliberately break into a house at a time when he could see from the lights that two of the family were still afoot?
Mr. Cunningham: He must have been a cool hand.
###
Holmes: He must have been a cool hand.
Alec: Well, of course, if the case were not an odd one we should not have been driven to ask you for an explanation. But as to your ideas that the man had robbed the house before William tackled him, I think it a most absurd notion. Wouldn't we have found the place disarranged, and missed the things which he had taken?
Holmes: It depends on what the things were. You must remember that we are dealing with a burglar who is a very peculiar fellow, and who appears to work on lines of his own. Look, for example, at the queer lot of things which he took from Acton's--what was it?--a ball of string, a letter-weight, and I don't know what other odds and ends.
Cunningham: Well, we are quite in your hands, Mr. Holmes. Anything which you or the Inspector may suggest will most certainly be done.
Holmes: In the first place, I should like you to offer a reward--coming from yourself, for the officials may take a little time before they would agree upon the sum, and these things cannot be done too promptly. I have jotted down the form here, if you would not mind signing it. Fifty pound was quite enough, I thought.
Cunningham: I would willingly give five hundred. This is not quite correct, however. I wrote it rather hurriedly. You see you begin, 'Whereas, at about a quarter to one on Tuesday morning an attempt was made,' and so on. It was at a quarter to twelve, as a matter of fact.
###
Holmes: I wrote it rather hurriedly.
Watson: You see you begin, 'Whereas, at about a quarter to one on Tuesday morning an attempt was made,' and so on. It was at a quarter to twelve, as a matter of fact.
Watson: I was pained at the mistake, for I knew how keenly Holmes would feel any slip of the kind. It was his specialty to be accurate as to fact, but his recent illness had shaken him, and this one little incident was enough to show me that he was still far from being himself.
Watson: He was obviously embarrassed for an instant, while the Inspector raised his eyebrows, and Alec Cunningham burst into a laugh. The old gentleman corrected the mistake, however, and handed the paper back to Holmes.
Old Gentleman: Get it printed as soon as possible, I think your idea is an excellent one.
Holmes: And now, it really would be a good thing that we should all go over the house together and make certain that this rather erratic burglar did not, after all, carry anything away with him.
Holmes: You don't use bars, then?
Cunningham: We have never found it necessary.
Holmes: You don't keep a dog?
Cunningham: Yes, but he is chained on the other side of the house.
Holmes: When do the servants go to bed?
Cunningham: About ten.
Holmes: I understand that William was usually in bed also at that hour.
Cunningham: Yes.
Holmes: It is singular that on this particular night he should have been up. Now, I should be very glad if you would have the kindness to show us over the house, Mr. Cunningham.
###
Watson: I understand that William was usually in bed also at that hour.
Holmes: Yes.
Watson: It is singular that on this particular night he should have been up. Now, I should be very glad if you would have the kindness to show us over the house, Mr. Cunningham.
Holmes: My good sir, this is surely very unnecessary. That is my room at the end of the stairs, and my son's is the one beyond it. I leave it to your judgment whether it was possible for the thief to have come up here without disturbing us.
Cunningham: You must try round and get on a fresh scent, I fancy.
Son: Still, I must ask you to humor me a little further. I should like, for example, to see how far the windows of the bedrooms command the front. This, I understand is your son's room and that, I presume, is the dressing-room in which he sat smoking when the alarm was given. Where does the window of that look out to?
Cunningham: I hope that you are satisfied now?
Holmes: Thank you, I think I have seen all that I wished.
Cunningham: Then if it is really necessary we can go into my room.
Holmes: If it is not too much trouble.
###
Mr. Cunningham: I hope that you are satisfied now?
Holmes: Thank you, I think I have seen all that I wished.
Mr. Cunningham: Then if it is really necessary we can go into my room.
Holmes: If it is not too much trouble.
Holmes: You've done it now, Watson. A pretty mess you've made of the carpet.
Inspector: Hullo! where's he got to?
Alec Cunningham: The fellow is off his head, in my opinion. Come with me, father, and see where he has got to!
Inspector: 'Pon my word, I am inclined to agree with Master Alec. It may be the effect of this illness, but it seems to me that--
###
Watson: They rushed out of the room, leaving the Inspector, the Colonel, and me staring at each other.
Inspector: 'Pon my word, I am inclined to agree with Master Alec. It may be the effect of this illness, but it seems to me that--
Watson: Help! Help! Murder!
Watson: Arrest these men, Inspector.
Inspector: On what charge?
Holmes: That of murdering their coachman, William Kirwan.
Inspector: Oh, come now, Mr. Holmes, I'm sure you don't really mean to--
Holmes: Tut, man, look at their faces!
Holmes: I have no alternative, Mr. Cunningham. I trust that this may all prove to be an absurd mistake, but you can see that--Ah, would you? Drop it!
###
Holmes: Keep that, you will find it useful at the trial. But this is what we really wanted.
Holmes: The remainder of the sheet!
Inspector: Precisely.
Inspector: And where was it?
Holmes: Where I was sure it must be. I'll make the whole matter clear to you presently. I think, Colonel, that you and Watson might return now, and I will be with you again in an hour at the furthest. The Inspector and I must have a word with the prisoners, but you will certainly see me back at luncheon time.
Holmes: I wished Mr. Acton to be present while I demonstrated this small matter to you, for it is natural that he should take a keen interest in the details. I am afraid, my dear Colonel, that you must regret the hour that you took in such a stormy petrel as I am.
Colonel: On the contrary, I consider it the greatest privilege to have been permitted to study your methods of working. I confess that they quite surpass my expectations, and that I am utterly unable to account for your result. I have not yet seen the vestige of a clue.
Holmes: I am afraid that my explanation may disillusion you but it has always been my habit to hide none of my methods, either from my friend Watson or from any one who might take an intelligent interest in them. But, first, as I am rather shaken by the knocking about which I had in the dressing-room, I think that I shall help myself to a dash of your brandy, Colonel. My strength had been rather tried of late.
Holmes: I trust that you had no more of those nervous attacks.
###
Watson: I trust that you had no more of those nervous attacks.
Holmes: We will come to that in its turn. I will lay an account of the case before you in its due order, showing you the various points which guided me in my decision. Pray interrupt me if there is any inference which is not perfectly clear to you. It is of the highest importance in the art of detection to be able to recognize, out of a number of facts, which are incidental and which vital. Otherwise your energy and attention must be dissipated instead of being concentrated. Now, in this case there was not the slightest doubt in my mind from the first that the key of the whole matter must be looked for in the scrap of paper in the dead man's hand. Before going into this, I would draw your attention to the fact that, if Alec Cunningham's narrative was correct, and if the assailant, after shooting William Kirwan, had instantly fled, then it obviously could not be he who tore the paper from the dead man's hand. But if it was not he, it must have been Alec Cunningham himself, for by the time that the old man had descended several servants were upon the scene. The point is a simple one, but the Inspector had overlooked it because he had started with the supposition that these county magnates had had nothing to do with the matter. Now, I make a point of never having any prejudices, and of following docilely wherever fact may lead me, and so, in the very first stage of the investigation, I found myself looking a little askance at the part which had been played by Mr. Alec Cunningham. And now I made a very careful examination of the corner of paper which the Inspector had submitted to us. It was at once clear to me that it formed part of a very remarkable document. Here it is. Do you not now observed something very suggestive about it?
Colonel: It has a very irregular look.
###
Colonel: It has a very irregular look.
Holmes: My dear sir, there cannot be the least doubt in the world that it has been written by two persons doing alternate words. When I draw your attention to the strong t's of 'at' and 'to', and ask you to compare them with the weak ones of 'quarter' and 'twelve,' you will instantly recognize the fact. A very brief analysis of these four words would enable you to say with the utmost confidence that the 'learn' and the 'maybe' are written in the stronger hand, and the 'what' in the weaker.
Colonel: By Jove, it's as clear as day! Why on earth should two men write a letter in such a fashion?
Holmes: Obviously the business was a bad one, and one of the men who distrusted the other was determined that, whatever was done, each should have an equal hand in it. Now, of the two men, it is clear that the one who wrote the 'at' and 'to' was the ringleader.
Colonel: How do you get at that?
Holmes: We might deduce it from the mere character of the one hand as compared with the other. But we have more assured reasons than that for supposing it. If you examine this scrap with attention you will come to the conclusion that the man with the stronger hand wrote all his words first, leaving blanks for the other to fill up. These blanks were not always sufficient, and you can see that the second man had a squeeze to fit his 'quarter' in between the 'at' and the 'to,' showing that the latter were already written. The man who wrote all his words first is undoubtedly the man who planned the affair.
Mr. Acton: Excellent!
###
Mr. Acton: Excellent!
Holmes: But very superficial. We come now, however, to a point which is of importance. You may not be aware that the deduction of a man's age from his writing is one which has been brought to considerable accuracy by experts. In normal cases one can place a man in his true decade with tolerable confidence. I say normal cases, because ill-health and physical weakness reproduce the signs of old age, even when the invalid is a youth. In this case, looking at the bold, strong hand of the one, and the rather broken-backed appearance of the other, which still retains its legibility although the t's have begun to lose their crossing, we can say that the one was a young man and the other was advanced in years without being positively decrepit.
Mr. Acton: Excellent!
Holmes: There is a further point, however, which is subtler and of greater interest. There is something in common between these hands. They belong to men who are blood-relatives. It may be most obvious to you in the Greek e's, but to me there are many small points which indicate the same thing. I have no doubt at all that a family mannerism can be traced in these two specimens of writing. I am only, of course, giving you the leading results now of my examination of the paper. There were twenty-three other deductions which would be of more interest to experts than to you. They all tended to deepen the impression upon my mind that the Cunninghams, father and son, had written this letter.
###
Holmes: Having got so far, my next step was, of course, to examine into the details of the crime, and to see how far they would help us. I went up to the house with the Inspector, and saw all that was to be seen. The wound upon the dead man was, as I was able to determine with absolute confidence, fired from a revolver at the distance of something over four yards. There was no powder-blackening on the clothes. Evidently, therefore, Alec Cunningham had lied when he said that the two men were struggling when the shot was fired. Again, both father and son agreed as to the place where the man escaped into the road. At that point, however, as it happens, there is a broadish ditch, moist at the bottom. As there were no indications of bootmarks about this ditch, I was absolutely sure not only that the Cunninghams had again lied, but that there had never been any unknown man upon the scene at all. And now I have to consider the motive of this singular crime. To get at this, I endeavored first of all to solve the reason of the original burglary at Mr. Acton's. I understood, from something which the Colonel told us, that a lawsuit had been going on between you, Mr. Acton, and the Cunninghams. Of course, it instantly occurred to me that they had broken into your library with the intention of getting at some document which might be of importance in the case.
Mr. Acton: Precisely so, There can be no possible doubt as to their intentions. I have the clearest claim upon half of their present estate, and if they could have found a single paper--which, fortunately, was in the strong-box of my solicitors--they would undoubtedly have crippled our case.
###
Holmes: There you are, It was a dangerous, reckless attempt, in which I seem to trace the influence of young Alec. Having found nothing they tried to divert suspicion by making it appear to be an ordinary burglary, to which end they carried off whatever they could lay their hands upon. That is all clear enough, but there was much that was still obscure. What I wanted above all was to get the missing part of that note. I was certain that Alec had torn it out of the dead man's hand, and almost certain that he must have thrust it into the pocket of his dressing-gown. Where else could he have put it? The only question was whether it was still there. It was worth an effort to find out, and for that object we all went up to the house. The Cunninghams joined us, as you doubtless remember, outside the kitchen door. It was, of course, of the very first importance that they should not be reminded of the existence of this paper, otherwise they would naturally destroy it without delay. The Inspector was about to tell them the importance which we attached to it when, by the luckiest chance in the world, I tumbled down in a sort of fit and so changed the conversation.
Colonel: Good heavens! do you mean to say all our sympathy was wasted and your fit an imposture?
Watson: Speaking professionally, it was admirably done. It is an art which is often useful. When I recovered I managed, by a device which had perhaps some little merit of ingenuity, to get old Cunningham to write the word 'twelve,' so that I might compare it with the 'twelve' upon the paper.
Watson: Oh, what an ass I have been!
###
Watson: Oh, what an ass I have been! I exclaimed.
Holmes: I could see that you were commiserating with me over my weakness. I was sorry to cause you the sympathetic pain which I know that you felt. We then went upstairs together, and having entered the room and seen the dressing-gown hanging up behind the door, I contrived, by upsetting a table, to engage their attention for the moment, and slipped back to examine the pockets. I had hardly got the paper, however--which was, as I had expected, in one of them--when the two Cunninghams were on me, and would, I verily believe, have murdered me then and there but for your prompt and friendly aid. As it is, I feel that young man's grip on my throat now, and the father has twisted my wrist round in the effort to get the paper out of my hand. They saw that I must know all about it, you see, and the sudden change from absolute security to complete despair made them perfectly desperate. I had a little talk with old Cunningham afterwards as to the motive of the crime. He was tractable enough, though his son was a perfect demon, ready to blow out his own or anybody else's brains if he could have got to his revolver. When Cunningham saw that the case against him was so strong he lost all heart and made a clean breast of everything. It seems that William had secretly followed his two masters on the night when they made their raid upon Mr. Acton's, and having thus got them into his power, proceeded, under threats of exposure, to levy black-mail upon them. Mr. Alec, however, was a dangerous man to play games of that sort with. It was a stroke of positive genius on his part to see in the burglary scare which was convulsing the country side an opportunity of plausibly getting rid of the man whom he feared. William was decoyed up and shot, and had they only got the whole of the note and paid a little more attention to detail in the accessories, it is very possible that suspicion might never have been aroused. And the note? I asked.
###
Watson: And the note?
Holmes: It is very much the sort of thing that I expected. Of course, we do not yet know what the relations may have been between Alec Cunningham, William Kirwan, and Annie Morrison. The results show that the trap was skillfully baited. I am sure that you cannot fail to be delighted with the traces of heredity shown in the p's and in the tails of the g's. The absence of the i-dots in the old man's writing is also most characteristic. Watson, I think our quiet rest in the country has been a distinct success, and I shall certainly return much invigorated to Baker Street tomorrow.
Watson: Ah, Watson, I hoped that I might not be too late to catch you. My dear fellow, pray come in.
###
Holmes: Ah, Watson, I hoped that I might not be too late to catch you.
Watson: My dear fellow, pray come in.
Holmes: You look surprised, and no wonder! Relieved, too, I fancy! Hum! You still smoke the Arcadia mixture of your bachelor days then! There's no mistaking that fluffy ash upon your coat. It's easy to tell that you have been accustomed to wear a uniform, Watson. You'll never pass as a pure-bred civilian as long as you keep that habit of carrying your handkerchief in your sleeve. Could you put me up tonight?
Watson: With pleasure.
Holmes: You told me that you had bachelor quarters for one, and I see that you have no gentleman visitor at present. Your hat-stand proclaims as much.
Watson: I shall be delighted if you will stay.
Holmes: Thank you. I'll fill the vacant peg then. Sorry to see that you've had the British workman in the house. He's a token of evil. Not the drains, I hope?
Watson: No, the gas.
Holmes: Ah! He has left two nail-marks from his boot upon your linoleum just where the light strikes it. No, thank you, I had some supper at Waterloo, but I'll smoke a pipe with you with pleasure.
Watson: I handed him my pouch, and he seated himself opposite to me and smoked for some time in silence. I was well aware that nothing but business of importance would have brought him to me at such an hour, so I waited patiently until he should come round to it.
Holmes: I see that you are professionally rather busy just now.
Watson: Yes, I've had a busy day. It may seem very foolish in your eyes, but really I don't know how you deduced it.
Holmes: I have the advantage of knowing your habits, my dear Watson. When your round is a short one you walk, and when it is a long one you use a hansom. As I perceive that your boots, although used, are by no means dirty, I cannot doubt that you are at present busy enough to justify the hansom.
Watson: Excellent!
###
Watson: Excellent!
Holmes: Elementary. It is one of those instances where the reasoner can produce an effect which seems remarkable to his neighbor, because the latter has missed the one little point which is the basis of the deduction. The same may be said, my dear fellow, for the effect of some of these little sketches of yours, which is entirely meretricious, depending as it does upon your retaining in your own hands some factors in the problem which are never imparted to the reader. Now, at present I am in the position of these same readers, for I hold in this hand several threads of one of the strangest cases which ever perplexed a man's brain, and yet I lack the one or two which are needful to complete my theory. But I'll have them, Watson, I'll have them!
Holmes: The problem presents features of interest. I may even say exceptional features of interest. I have already looked into the matter, and have come, as I think, within sight of my solution. If you could accompany me in that last step you might be of considerable service to me.
Watson: I should be delighted.
Holmes: Could you go as far as Aldershot tomorrow?
Watson: I have no doubt Jackson would take my practice.
Holmes: Very good. I want to start by the 11.10 from Waterloo.
Watson: That would give me time.
Holmes: Then, if you are not too sleepy, I will give you a sketch of what has happened, and of what remains to be done.
Watson: I was sleepy before you came. I am quite wakeful now.
Holmes: I will compress the story as far as may be done without omitting anything vital to the case. It is conceivable that you may even have read some account of the matter. It is the supposed murder of Colonel Barclay, of the Royal Munsters, at Aldershot, which I am investigating.
###
Holmes: I have heard nothing of it.
Watson: It has not excited much attention yet, except locally. The facts are only two days old. Briefly they are these: The Royal Munsters is, as you know, one of the most famous Irish regiments in the British army. It did wonders both in the Crimea and the Mutiny, and has since that time distinguished itself upon every possible occasion. It was commanded up to Monday night by James Barclay, a gallant veteran, who started as a full private, was raised to commissioned rank for his bravery at the time of the Mutiny, and so lived to command the regiment in which he had once carried a musket. Colonel Barclay had married at the time when he was a sergeant, and his wife, whose maiden name was Miss Nancy Devoy, was the daughter of a former color-sergeant in the same corps. There was, therefore, as can be imagined, some little social friction when the young couple (for they were still young) found themselves in their new surroundings. They appear, however, to have quickly adapted themselves, and Mrs. Barclay has always, I understand, been as popular with the ladies of the regiment as her husband was with his brother officers. I may add that she was a woman of great beauty, and that even now, when she has been married for upwards of thirty years, she is still of a striking and queenly appearance. Colonel Barclay's family life appears to have been a uniformly happy one. Major Murphy, to whom I owe most of my facts, assures me that he has never heard of any misunderstanding between the pair. On the whole, he thinks that Barclay's devotion to his wife was greater than his wife's to Barclay. He was acutely uneasy if he were absent from her for a day. She, on the other hand, though devoted and faithful, was less obtrusively affectionate. But they were regarded in the regiment as the very model of a middle-aged couple. There was absolutely nothing in their mutual relations to prepare people for the tragedy which was to follow.
###
Holmes: Before examining the room I cross-questioned the servants, but only succeeded in eliciting the facts which I have already stated. One other detail of interest was remembered by Jane Stewart, the housemaid. You will remember that on hearing the sound of the quarrel she descended and returned with the other servants. On that first occasion, when she was alone, she says that the voices of her master and mistress were sunk so low that she could hear hardly anything, and judged by their tones rather than their words that they had fallen out. On my pressing her, however, she remembered that she heard the word David uttered twice by the lady. The point is of the utmost importance as guiding us towards the reason of the sudden quarrel. The Colonel's name, you remember, was James.
Holmes: There was one thing in the case which had made the deepest impression both upon the servants and the police. This was the contortion of the Colonel's face. It had set, according to their account, into the most dreadful expression of fear and horror which a human countenance is capable of assuming. More than one person fainted at the mere sight of him, so terrible was the effect. It was quite certain that he had foreseen his fate, and that it had caused him the utmost horror. This, of course, fitted in well enough with the police theory, if the Colonel could have seen his wife making a murderous attack upon him. Nor was the fact of the wound being on the back of his head a fatal objection to this, as he might have turned to avoid the blow. No information could be got from the lady herself, who was temporarily insane from an acute attack of brain-fever.
Holmes: From the police I learned that Miss Morrison, who you remember went out that evening with Mrs. Barclay, denied having any knowledge of what it was which had caused the ill-humor in which her companion had returned.
###
Holmes: From the police I learned that Miss Morrison, who you remember went out that evening with Mrs. Barclay, denied having any knowledge of what it was which had caused the ill-humor in which her companion had returned.
Holmes: Having gathered these facts, Watson, I smoked several pipes over them, trying to separate those which were crucial from others which were merely incidental. There could be no question that the most distinctive and suggestive point in the case was the singular disappearance of the door-key. A most careful search had failed to discover it in the room. Therefore it must have been taken from it. But neither the Colonel nor the Colonel's wife could have taken it. That was perfectly clear. Therefore a third person must have entered the room. And that third person could only have come in through the window. It seemed to me that a careful examination of the room and the lawn might possibly reveal some traces of this mysterious individual. You know my methods, Watson. There was not one of them which I did not apply to the inquiry. And it ended by my discovering traces, but very different ones from those which I had expected. There had been a man in the room, and he had crossed the lawn coming from the road. I was able to obtain five very clear impressions of his foot-marks: one in the roadway itself, at the point where he had climbed the low wall, two on the lawn, and two very faint ones upon the stained boards near the window where he had entered. He had apparently rushed across the lawn, for his toe-marks were much deeper than his heels. But it was not the man who surprised me. It was his companion.
Watson: His companion!
Holmes: What do you make of that?
Watson: It's a dog.
###
Watson: It's a dog.
Holmes: Did you ever hear of a dog running up a curtain? I found distinct traces that this creature had done so.
Watson: A monkey, then?
Holmes: But it is not the print of a monkey.
Watson: What can it be, then?
Holmes: Neither dog nor cat nor monkey nor any creature that we are familiar with. I have tried to reconstruct it from the measurements. Here are four prints where the beast has been standing motionless. You see that it is no less than fifteen inches from fore-foot to hind. Add to that the length of neck and head, and you get a creature not much less than two feet long--probably more if there is any tail. But now observe this other measurement. The animal has been moving, and we have the length of its stride. In each case it is only about three inches. You have an indication, you see, of a long body with very short legs attached to it. It has not been considerate enough to leave any of its hair behind it. But its general shape must be what I have indicated, and it can run up a curtain, and it is carnivorous.
Watson: How do you deduce that?
Holmes: Because it ran up the curtain. A canary's cage was hanging in the window, and its aim seems to have been to get at the bird.
Watson: Then what was the beast?
Holmes: Ah, if I could give it a name it might go a long way towards solving the case. On the whole, it was probably some creature of the weasel and stoat tribe--and yet it is larger than any of these that I have seen.
Watson: But what had it to do with the crime?
###
Holmes: Ah, if I could give it a name it might go a long way towards solving the case. On the whole, it was probably some creature of the weasel and stoat tribe--and yet it is larger than any of these that I have seen.
Watson: But what had it to do with the crime?
Holmes: That, also, is still obscure. But we have learned a good deal, you perceive. We know that a man stood in the road looking at the quarrel between the Barclays--the blinds were up and the room lighted. We know, also, that he ran across the lawn, entered the room, accompanied by a strange animal, and that he either struck the Colonel or, as is equally possible, that the Colonel fell down from sheer fright at the sight of him, and cut his head on the corner of the fender. Finally, we have the curious fact that the intruder carried away the key with him when he left.
Watson: Your discoveries seem to have left the business more obscure that it was before.
Holmes: Quite so. They undoubtedly showed that the affair was much deeper than was at first conjectured. I thought the matter over, and I came to the conclusion that I must approach the case from another aspect. But really, Watson, I am keeping you up, and I might just as well tell you all this on our way to Aldershot to-morrow.
Watson: Thank you, you have gone rather too far to stop.
###
Unknown: It's an old acquaintance of mine who has come down in the world. When I promised her I would say nothing she kissed me, and I have never seen her since. I have told you now the whole truth, and if I withheld it from the police it is because I did not realize then the danger in which my dear friend stood. I know that it can only be to her advantage that everything should be known.
Holmes: There was her statement, Watson, and to me, as you can imagine, it was like a light on a dark night. Everything which had been disconnected before began at once to assume its true place, and I had a shadowy presentiment of the whole sequence of events. My next step obviously was to find the man who had produced such a remarkable impression upon Mrs. Barclay. If he were still in Aldershot it should not be a very difficult matter. There are not such a very great number of civilians, and a deformed man was sure to have attracted attention. I spent a day in the search, and by evening--this very evening, Watson--I had run him down. The man's name is Henry Wood, and he lives in lodgings in this same street in which the ladies met him. He has only been five days in the place. In the character of a registration-agent I had a most interesting gossip with his landlady. The man is by trade a conjurer and performer, going round the canteens after nightfall, and giving a little entertainment at each. He carries some creature about with him in that box; about which the landlady seemed to be in considerable trepidation, for she had never seen an animal like it. He uses it in some of his tricks according to her account. So much the woman was able to tell me, and also that it was a wonder the man lived, seeing how twisted he was, and that he spoke in a strange tongue sometimes, and that for the last two nights she had heard him groaning and weeping in his bedroom. He was all right, as far as money went, but in his deposit he had given her what looked like a bad florin. She showed it to me, Watson, and it was an Indian rupee.
###
Holmes: He was all right, as far as money went, but in his deposit he had given her what looked like a bad florin. She showed it to me, Watson, and it was an Indian rupee.
Holmes: So now, my dear fellow, you see exactly how we stand and why it is I want you. It is perfectly plain that after the ladies parted from this man he followed them at a distance, that he saw the quarrel between husband and wife through the window, that he rushed in, and that the creature which he carried in his box got loose. That is all very certain. But he is the only person in this world who can tell us exactly what happened in that room.
Watson: And you intend to ask him?
Holmes: Most certainly--but in the presence of a witness.
Watson: And I am the witness?
Holmes: If you will be so good. If he can clear the matter up, well and good. If he refuses, we have no alternative but to apply for a warrant.
Watson: But how do you know he'll be there when we return?
Holmes: You may be sure that I took some precautions. I have one of my Baker Street boys mounting guard over him who would stick to him like a burr, go where he might. We shall find him in Hudson Street to-morrow, Watson, and meanwhile I should be the criminal myself if I kept you out of bed any longer.
Holmes: This is the street, as we turned into a short thoroughfare lined with plain two-storied brick houses. Ah, here is Simpson to report.
Simpson: He's in all right, Mr. Holmes.
###
Holmes: This is the street. Ah, here is Simpson to report.
Simpson: He's in all right, Mr. Holmes.
Holmes: Good, Simpson! Come along, Watson. This is the house.
Holmes: Mr. Henry Wood, late of India, I believe. I've come over this little matter of Colonel Barclay's death.
Wood: What should I know about that?
Holmes: That's what I want to ascertain. You know, I suppose, that unless the matter is cleared up, Mrs. Barclay, who is an old friend of yours, will in all probability be tried for murder.
Wood: I don't know who you are, nor how you come to know what you do know, but will you swear that this is true that you tell me?
Holmes: Why, they are only waiting for her to come to her senses to arrest her.
Wood: My God! Are you in the police yourself?
Holmes: No.
Wood: What business is it of yours, then?
Holmes: It's every man's business to see justice done.
Wood: You can take my word that she is innocent.
Holmes: Then you are guilty.
Wood: No, I am not.
Wood: Who killed Colonel James Barclay, then?
###
Holmes: Your narrative is most interesting. I have already heard of your meeting with Mrs. Barclay, and your mutual recognition. You then, as I understand, followed her home and saw through the window an altercation between her husband and her, in which she doubtless cast his conduct to you in his teeth. Your own feelings overcame you, and you ran across the lawn and broke in upon them.
Witness: I did, sir, and at the sight of me he looked as I have never seen a man look before, and over he went with his head on the fender. But he was dead before he fell. I read death on his face as plain as I can read that text over the fire. The bare sight of me was like a bullet through his guilty heart.
Holmes: And then?
Witness: Then Nancy fainted, and I caught up the key of the door from her hand, intending to unlock it and get help. But as I was doing it it seemed to me better to leave it alone and get away, for the thing might look black against me, and any way my secret would be out if I were taken. In my haste I thrust the key into my pocket, and dropped my stick while I was chasing Teddy, who had run up the curtain. When I got him into his box, from which he had slipped, I was off as fast as I could run.
Holmes: Who's Teddy?
Witness: It's a mongoose. Well, some call them that, and some call them ichneumon. Snake-catcher is what I call them, and Teddy is amazing quick on cobras. I have one here without the fangs, and Teddy catches it every night to please the folk in the canteen.
Holmes: Any other point, sir?
Witness: Well, we may have to apply to you again if Mrs. Barclay should prove to be in serious trouble.
Witness: In that case, of course, I'd come forward.
###
Watson: Any other point, sir?
Holmes: Well, we may have to apply to you again if Mrs. Barclay should prove to be in serious trouble.
Watson: In that case, of course, I'd come forward.
Holmes: But if not, there is no object in raking up this scandal against a dead man, foully as he has acted. You have at least the satisfaction of knowing that for thirty years of his life his conscience bitterly reproached him for this wicked deed. Ah, there goes Major Murphy on the other side of the street. Good-bye, Wood. I want to learn if anything has happened since yesterday.
Holmes: Ah, Holmes, I suppose you have heard that all this fuss has come to nothing?
Watson: What then?
Major Murphy: The inquest is just over. The medical evidence showed conclusively that death was due to apoplexy. You see it was quite a simple case after all.
Holmes: Oh, remarkably superficial. Come, Watson, I don't think we shall be wanted in Aldershot any more.
Watson: There's one thing, if the husband's name was James, and the other was Henry, what was this talk about David?
Holmes: That one word, my dear Watson, should have told me the whole story had I been the ideal reasoner which you are so fond of depicting. It was evidently a term of reproach.
Watson: Of reproach?
Holmes: Yes; David strayed a little occasionally, you know, and on one occasion in the same direction as Sergeant James Barclay. You remember the small affair of Uriah and Bathsheba? My biblical knowledge is a trifle rusty, I fear, but you will find the story in the first or second of Samuel.
###
Watson: A day's work ruined, Watson.
Holmes: Ha! The stars are out and the wind has fallen. What do you say to a ramble through London?
###
Holmes: A day's work ruined, Watson. Ha! The stars are out and the wind has fallen. What do you say to a ramble through London?
Watson: I was weary of our little sitting-room and gladly acquiesced. For three hours we strolled about together, watching the ever-changing kaleidoscope of life as it ebbs and flows through Fleet Street and the Strand. His characteristic talk, with its keen observance of detail and subtle power of inference held me amused and enthralled. It was ten o'clock before we reached Baker Street again. A brougham was waiting at our door.
Holmes: Hum! A doctor's--general practitioner, I perceive. Not been long in practice, but has had a good deal to do. Come to consult us, I fancy! Lucky we came back!
Watson: I was sufficiently conversant with Holmes's methods to be able to follow his reasoning, and to see that the nature and state of the various medical instruments in the wicker basket which hung in the lamplight inside the brougham had given him the data for his swift deduction. The light in our window above showed that this late visit was indeed intended for us. With some curiosity as to what could have sent a brother medico to us at such an hour, I followed Holmes into our sanctum.
Holmes: Good-evening, doctor. I am glad to see that you have only been waiting a very few minutes.
Doctor: You spoke to my coachman, then?
###
Holmes: Good-evening, doctor, I am glad to see that you have only been waiting a very few minutes.
Trevelyan: You spoke to my coachman, then?
Holmes: No, it was the candle on the side-table that told me. Pray resume your seat and let me know how I can serve you.
Trevelyan: My name is Doctor Percy Trevelyan, and I live at 403 Brook Street.
Watson: Are you not the author of a monograph upon obscure nervous lesions?
Trevelyan: I so seldom hear of the work that I thought it was quite dead. My publishers gave me a most discouraging account of its sale. You are yourself, I presume, a medical man?
Watson: A retired army surgeon.
Trevelyan: My own hobby has always been nervous disease. I should wish to make it an absolute specialty, but, of course, a man must take what he can get at first. This, however, is beside the question, Mr. Sherlock Holmes, and I quite appreciate how valuable your time is. The fact is that a very singular train of events has occurred recently at my house in Brook Street, and to-night they came to such a head that I felt it was quite impossible for me to wait another hour before asking for your advice and assistance.
Holmes: You are very welcome to both. Pray let me have a detailed account of what the circumstances are which have disturbed you.
Trevelyan: One or two of them are so trivial, that really I am almost ashamed to mention them. But the matter is so inexplicable, and the recent turn which it has taken is so elaborate, that I shall lay it all before you, and you shall judge what is essential and what is not.
###
Watson: I could not help smiling at the abruptness of the question. 'I trust that I have my share,' I said.
Holmes: Any bad habits? Not drawn towards drink, eh?
Watson: Really, sir!
Holmes: Quite right! That's all right! But I was bound to ask. With all these qualities, why are you not in practice?
Watson: I shrugged my shoulders.
Holmes: Come, come! It's the old story. More in your brains than in your pocket, eh? What would you say if I were to start you in Brook Street?
Watson: I stared at him in astonishment.
Holmes: Oh, it's for my sake, not for yours. I'll be perfectly frank with you, and if it suits you it will suit me very well. I have a few thousands to invest, d'ye see, and I think I'll sink them in you.
Watson: But why? 
Holmes: Well, it's just like any other speculation, and safer than most.
Watson: What am I to do, then?
Holmes: I'll tell you. I'll take the house, furnish it, pay the maids, and run the whole place. All you have to do is just to wear out your chair in the consulting-room. I'll let you have pocket-money and everything. Then you hand over to me three quarters of what you earn, and you keep the other quarter for yourself.
###
Son: And I, seeing my father pass the door of the waiting-room, naturally thought that the consultation had come to an end. It was not until we had reached home that I began to realize the true state of affairs.
Holmes: Well, there is no harm done except that you puzzled me terribly; so if you, sir, would kindly step into the waiting-room I shall be happy to continue our consultation which was brought to so abrupt an ending.
Holmes: Who has been in my room?
Watson: No one.
Mr. Blessington: It's a lie! Come up and look!
Mr. Blessington: D'you mean to say those are mine?
###
Watson: Mr. Blessington seemed more excited over the matter than I should have thought possible, though of course it was enough to disturb anybody's peace of mind. He actually sat crying in an arm-chair, and I could hardly get him to speak coherently. It was his suggestion that I should come round to you, and of course I at once saw the propriety of it, for certainly the incident is a very singular one, though he appears to completely overrate its importance. If you would only come back with me in my brougham, you would at least be able to soothe him, though I can hardly hope that you will be able to explain this remarkable occurrence.
Holmes: I have a pistol, I give you my word that I'll fire if you come any nearer.
Dr. Trevelyan: This really grows outrageous, Mr. Blessington.
Voice: Oh, then it is you, doctor. But those other gentlemen, are they what they pretend to be? You can come up, and I am sorry if my precautions have annoyed you.
###
Holmes: Yes, yes, it's all right. You can come up, and I am sorry if my precautions have annoyed you.
Unknown: Good-evening, Mr. Holmes. I am sure I am very much obliged to you for coming round. No one ever needed your advice more than I do. I suppose that Dr. Trevelyan has told you of this most unwarrantable intrusion into my rooms.
Holmes: Who are these two men Mr. Blessington, and why do they wish to molest you?
Unknown: Well, well, of course it is hard to say that. You can hardly expect me to answer that, Mr. Holmes.
Unknown: You see that. I have never been a very rich man, Mr. Holmes--never made but one investment in my life, as Dr. Trevelyan would tell you. But I don't believe in bankers. I would never trust a banker, Mr. Holmes. Between ourselves, what little I have is in that box, so you can understand what it means to me when unknown people force themselves into my rooms.
Holmes: I cannot possibly advise you if you try to deceive me.
Holmes: Good-night, Dr. Trevelyan.
###
Holmes: I cannot possibly advise you if you try to deceive me.
Blessington: But I have told you everything.
Holmes: Good-night, Dr. Trevelyan.
Blessington: And no advice for me?
Holmes: My advice to you, sir, is to speak the truth.
Watson: Sorry to bring you out on such a fool's errand, Watson. It is an interesting case, too, at the bottom of it.
Watson: I can make little of it.
Holmes: Well, it is quite evident that there are two men--more, perhaps, but at least two--who are determined for some reason to get at this fellow Blessington. I have no doubt in my mind that both on the first and on the second occasion that young man penetrated to Blessington's room, while his confederate, by an ingenious device, kept the doctor from interfering.
Watson: And the catalepsy?
Holmes: A fraudulent imitation, Watson, though I should hardly dare to hint as much to our specialist. It is a very easy complaint to imitate. I have done it myself.
Watson: And then?
###
Holmes: And the catalepsy?
Watson: A fraudulent imitation, Watson, though I should hardly dare to hint as much to our specialist. It is a very easy complaint to imitate. I have done it myself.
Holmes: By the purest chance Blessington was out on each occasion. Their reason for choosing so unusual an hour for a consultation was obviously to insure that there should be no other patient in the waiting-room. It just happened, however, that this hour coincided with Blessington's constitutional, which seems to show that they were not very well acquainted with his daily routine. Of course, if they had been merely after plunder they would at least have made some attempt to search for it. Besides, I can read in a man's eye when it is his own skin that he is frightened for. It is inconceivable that this fellow could have made two such vindictive enemies as these appear to be without knowing of it. I hold it, therefore, to be certain that he does know who these men are, and that for reasons of his own he suppresses it. It is just possible that to-morrow may find him in a more communicative mood.
Watson: Is there not one alternative, grotesquely improbably, no doubt, but still just conceivable? Might the whole story of the cataleptic Russian and his son be a concoction of Dr. Trevelyan's, who has, for his own purposes, been in Blessington's rooms?
Holmes: I saw in the gaslight that Holmes wore an amused smile at this brilliant departure of mine.
###
Watson: I saw in the gaslight that Holmes wore an amused smile at this brilliant departure of mine.
Holmes: My dear fellow, it was one of the first solutions which occurred to me, but I was soon able to corroborate the doctor's tale. This young man has left prints upon the stair-carpet which made it quite superfluous for me to ask to see those which he had made in the room. When I tell you that his shoes were square-toed instead of being pointed like Blessington's, and were quite an inch and a third longer than the doctor's, you will acknowledge that there can be no doubt as to his individuality. But we may sleep on it now, for I shall be surprised if we do not hear something further from Brook Street in the morning.
Holmes: There's a brougham waiting for us, Watson. The Brook Street business.
Watson: What's the matter, then?
Holmes: Any fresh news? Tragic, but ambiguous. Look at this--a sheet from a note-book, with 'For God's sake come at once--P. T.,' scrawled upon it in pencil. Our friend, the doctor, was hard put to it when he wrote this. Come along, my dear fellow, for it's an urgent call.
Watson: When did you find it out?
###
Doctor: I really hardly know what I am doing. The police are already upstairs. It has shaken me most dreadfully.
Doctor: He has a cup of tea taken in to him early every morning. When the maid entered, about seven, there the unfortunate fellow was hanging in the middle of the room. He had tied his cord to the hook on which the heavy lamp used to hang, and he had jumped off from the top of the very box that he showed us yesterday.
Holmes: With your permission, I should like to go upstairs and look into the matter.
Police Inspector: Ah, Mr. Holmes, I am delighted to see you.
Holmes: Good-morning, Lanner, you won't think me an intruder, I am sure. Have you heard of the events which led up to this affair?
Police Inspector: Yes, I heard something of them.
Police Inspector: As far as I can see, the man has been driven out of his senses by fright. The bed has been well slept in, you see. There's his impression deep enough. It's about five in the morning, you know, that suicides are most common. That would be about his time for hanging himself. It seems to have been a very deliberate affair.
###
Watson: I should say that he has been dead about three hours, judging by the rigidity of the muscles.
Holmes: Noticed anything peculiar about the room?
Watson: Found a screw-driver and some screws on the wash-hand stand. Seems to have smoked heavily during the night, too. Here are four cigar-ends that I picked out of the fireplace.
Holmes: Hum! have you got his cigar-holder?
Watson: No, I have seen none.
Holmes: His cigar case, then?
Watson: Yes, it was in his coat-pocket.
Holmes: Oh, this is an Havana, and these others are cigars of the peculiar sort which are imported by the Dutch from their East Indian colonies. They are usually wrapped in straw, you know, and are thinner for their length than any other brand. Two of these have been smoked from a holder and two without. Two have been cut by a not very sharp knife, and two have had the ends bitten off by a set of excellent teeth. This is no suicide, Mr. Lanner. It is a very deeply planned and cold-blooded murder.
Inspector: Impossible!
Holmes: And why?
Inspector: Why should anyone murder a man in so clumsy a fashion as by hanging him?
Holmes: That is what we have to find out. How could they get in?
Inspector: Through the front door.
Holmes: It was barred in the morning.
Inspector: Then it was barred after them. How do you know?
Holmes: I saw their traces. Excuse me a moment, and I may be able to give you some further information about it. How about this rope?
###
Holmes: How about this rope?
Dr. Trevelyan: It is cut off this. He was morbidly nervous of fire, and always kept this beside him, so that he might escape by the window in case the stairs were burning.
Holmes: That must have saved them trouble. Yes, the actual facts are very plain, and I shall be surprised if by the afternoon I cannot give you the reasons for them as well. I will take this photograph of Blessington, which I see upon the mantelpiece, as it may help me in my inquiries.
Dr. Trevelyan: But you have told us nothing!
Holmes: Oh, there can be no doubt as to the sequence of events. There were three of them in it: the young man, the old man, and a third, to whose identity I have no clue. The first two, I need hardly remark, are the same who masqueraded as the Russian count and his son, so we can give a very full description of them. They were admitted by a confederate inside the house. If I might offer you a word of advice, Inspector, it would be to arrest the page, who, as I understand, has only recently come into your service, Doctor.
Dr. Trevelyan: The young imp cannot be found, the maid and the cook have just been searching for him.
Holmes: He has played a not unimportant part in this drama. The three men having ascended the stairs, which they did on tiptoe, the elder man first, the younger man second, and the unknown man in the rear--
Watson: My dear Holmes!
Holmes: Oh, there could be no question as to the superimposing of the footmarks. I had the advantage of learning which was which last night. They ascended, then, to Mr. Blessington's room, the door of which they found to be locked. With the help of a wire, however, they forced round the key. Even without the lens you will perceive, by the scratches on this ward, where the pressure was applied.
###
Holmes: On entering the room their first proceeding must have been to gag Mr. Blessington. He may have been asleep, or he may have been so paralyzed with terror as to have been unable to cry out. These walls are thick, and it is conceivable that his shriek, if he had time to utter one, was unheard. Having secured him, it is evident to me that a consultation of some sort was held. Probably it was something in the nature of a judicial proceeding. It must have lasted for some time, for it was then that these cigars were smoked. The older man sat in that wicker chair; it was he who used the cigar-holder. The younger man sat over yonder; he knocked his ash off against the chest of drawers. The third fellow paced up and down. Blessington, I think, sat upright in the bed, but of that I cannot be absolutely certain. Well, it ended by their taking Blessington and hanging him. The matter was so prearranged that it is my belief that they brought with them some sort of block or pulley which might serve as a gallows. That screw-driver and those screws were, as I conceive, for fixing it up. Seeing the hook, however they naturally saved themselves the trouble. Having finished their work they made off, and the door was barred behind them by their confederate.
Holmes: I'll be back by three. Both the inspector and the doctor will meet me here at that hour, and I hope by that time to have cleared up any little obscurity which the case may still present.
###
Holmes: I'll be back by three. Both the inspector and the doctor will meet me here at that hour, and I hope by that time to have cleared up any little obscurity which the case may still present.
Holmes: Any news, Inspector?
Inspector: We have got the boy, sir.
Holmes: Excellent, and I have got the men.
All: You have got them!
Holmes: Well, at least I have got their identity. This so-called Blessington is, as I expected, well known at headquarters, and so are his assailants. Their names are Biddle, Hayward, and Moffat.
Inspector: The Worthingdon bank gang.
Holmes: Precisely.
Holmes: Then Blessington must have been Sutton.
Holmes: Exactly.
Inspector: Why, that makes it as clear as crystal.
Holmes: You must surely remember the great Worthingdon bank business. Five men were in it--these four and a fifth called Cartwright. Tobin, the care-taker, was murdered, and the thieves got away with seven thousand pounds. This was in 1875. They were all five arrested, but the evidence against them was by no means conclusive. This Blessington or Sutton, who was the worst of the gang, turned informer. On his evidence Cartwright was hanged and the other three got fifteen years apiece. When they got out the other day, which was some years before their full term, they set themselves, as you perceive, to hunt down the traitor and to avenge the death of their comrade upon him. Twice they tried to get at him and failed; a third time, you see, it came off. Is there anything further which I can explain, Dr. Trevelyan?
Dr. Trevelyan: I think you have made it all remarkable clear. No doubt the day on which he was perturbed was the day when he had seen of their release in the newspapers.
###
Doctor: I think you have made it all remarkably clear. No doubt the day on which he was perturbed was the day when he had seen of their release in the newspapers.
Holmes: Quite so. His talk about a burglary was the merest blind.
Doctor: But why could he not tell you this?
Holmes: Well, my dear sir, knowing the vindictive character of his old associates, he was trying to hide his own identity from everybody as long as he could. His secret was a shameful one, and he could not bring himself to divulge it. However, wretch as he was, he was still living under the shield of British law, and I have no doubt, Inspector, that you will see that, though that shield may fail to guard, the sword of justice is still there to avenge.
###
Watson: In your own case, from all that you have told me, it seems obvious that your faculty of observation and your peculiar facility for deduction are due to your own systematic training.
Holmes: To some extent. My ancestors were country squires, who appear to have led much the same life as is natural to their class. But, none the less, my turn that way is in my veins, and may have come with my grandmother, who was the sister of Vernet, the French artist. Art in the blood is liable to take the strangest forms.
Watson: But how do you know that it is hereditary?
Holmes: Because my brother Mycroft possesses it in a larger degree than I do.
###
Watson: But how do you know that it is hereditary?
Holmes: Because my brother Mycroft possesses it in a larger degree than I do.
Watson: This was news to me indeed. If there were another man with such singular powers in England, how was it that neither police nor public had heard of him? I put the question, with a hint that it was my companion's modesty which made him acknowledge his brother as his superior. Holmes laughed at my suggestion.
Holmes: My dear Watson, I cannot agree with those who rank modesty among the virtues. To the logician all things should be seen exactly as they are, and to underestimate one's self is as much a departure from truth as to exaggerate one's own powers. When I say, therefore, that Mycroft has better powers of observation than I, you may take it that I am speaking the exact and literal truth.
Watson: Is he your junior?
Holmes: Seven years my senior.
Watson: How comes it that he is unknown?
Holmes: Oh, he is very well known in his own circle.
Watson: Where, then?
Holmes: Well, in the Diogenes Club, for example.
Watson: I had never heard of the institution, and my face must have proclaimed as much, for Sherlock Holmes pulled out his watch.
Holmes: The Diogenes Club is the queerest club in London, and Mycroft one of the queerest men. He's always there from quarter to five to twenty to eight. It's six now, so if you care for a stroll this beautiful evening I shall be very happy to introduce you to two curiosities.
Watson: You wonder, why it is that Mycroft does not use his powers for detective work. He is incapable of it.
Watson: But I thought you said--
###
Watson: You wonder, why it is that Mycroft does not use his powers for detective work. He is incapable of it.
Holmes: But I thought you said--
Watson: I said that he was my superior in observation and deduction. If the art of the detective began and ended in reasoning from an arm-chair, my brother would be the greatest criminal agent that ever lived. But he has no ambition and no energy. He will not even go out of his way to verify his own solution, and would rather be considered wrong than take the trouble to prove himself right. Again and again I have taken a problem to him, and have received an explanation which has afterwards proved to be the correct one. And yet he was absolutely incapable of working out the practical points which must be gone into before a case could be laid before a judge or jury.
Holmes: It is not his profession, then?
Watson: By no means. What is to me a means of livelihood is to him the merest hobby of a dilettante. He has an extraordinary faculty for figures, and audits the books in some of the government departments. Mycroft lodges in Pall Mall, and he walks round the corner into Whitehall every morning and back every evening. From year's end to year's end he takes no other exercise, and is seen nowhere else, except only in the Diogenes Club, which is just opposite his rooms.
Watson: I cannot recall the name.
###
Watson: I cannot recall the name.
Holmes: Very likely not. There are many men in London, you know, who, some from shyness, some from misanthropy, have no wish for the company of their fellows. Yet they are not averse to comfortable chairs and the latest periodicals. It is for the convenience of these that the Diogenes Club was started, and it now contains the most unsociable and unclubable men in town. No member is permitted to take the least notice of any other one. Save in the Stranger's Room, no talking is, under any circumstances, allowed, and three offences, if brought to the notice of the committee, render the talker liable to expulsion. My brother was one of the founders, and I have myself found it a very soothing atmosphere.
Watson: We had reached Pall Mall as we talked, and were walking down it from the St. James's end. Sherlock Holmes stopped at a door some little distance from the Carlton, and, cautioning me not to speak, he led the way into the hall. Through the glass paneling I caught a glimpse of a large and luxurious room, in which a considerable number of men were sitting about and reading papers, each in his own little nook. Holmes showed me into a small chamber which looked out into Pall Mall, and then, leaving me for a minute, he came back with a companion whom I knew could only be his brother.
Watson: Mycroft Holmes was a much larger and stouter man than Sherlock. His body was absolutely corpulent, but his face, though massive, had preserved something of the sharpness of expression which was so remarkable in that of his brother. His eyes, which were of a peculiarly light, watery gray, seemed to always retain that far-away, introspective look which I had only observed in Sherlock's when he was exerting his full powers.
###
Mycroft: I am glad to meet you, sir. I hear of Sherlock everywhere since you became his chronicler. By the way, Sherlock, I expected to see you round last week, to consult me over that Manor House case. I thought you might be a little out of your depth.
Holmes: No, I solved it.
Mycroft: It was Adams, of course.
Holmes: Yes, it was Adams.
Mycroft: I was sure of it from the first. To any one who wishes to study mankind this is the spot. Look at the magnificent types! Look at these two men who are coming towards us, for example.
Holmes: The billiard marker and the other?
Mycroft: Precisely. What do you make of the other?
Holmes: An old soldier, I perceive.
Mycroft: And very recently discharged. Served in India, I see.
Holmes: And a non-commissioned officer. Royal Artillery, I fancy.
Mycroft: And a widower.
Holmes: But with a child.
Mycroft: Children, my dear boy, children.
Watson: Come, this is a little too much.
Holmes: Surely, it is not hard to say that a man with that bearing, expression of authority, and sunbaked skin, is a soldier, is more than a private, and is not long from India.
Mycroft: That he has not left the service long is shown by his still wearing his 'ammunition boots', as they are called. He had not the cavalry stride, yet he wore his hat on one side, as is shown by the lighter skin of that side of his brow. His weight is against his being a sapper. He is in the artillery.
###
Holmes: He had not the cavalry stride, yet he wore his hat on one side, as is shown by the lighter skin of that side of his brow. His weight is against his being a sapper. He is in the artillery.
Holmes: Then, of course, his complete mourning shows that he has lost some one very dear. The fact that he is doing his own shopping looks as though it were his wife. He has been buying things for children, you perceive. There is a rattle, which shows that one of them is very young. The wife probably died in childbed. The fact that he has a picture-book under his arm shows that there is another child to be thought of.
Watson: I began to understand what my friend meant when he said that his brother possessed even keener faculties that he did himself. He glanced across at me and smiled.
Mycroft: By the way, Sherlock, said he, "I have had something quite after your own heart--a most singular problem--submitted to my judgment. I really had not the energy to follow it up save in a very incomplete fashion, but it gave me a basis for some pleasing speculation. If you would care to hear the facts--"
Holmes: My dear Mycroft, I should be delighted.
Mycroft: I have asked Mr. Melas to step across. He lodges on the floor above me, and I have some slight acquaintance with him, which led him to come to me in his perplexity. Mr. Melas is a Greek by extraction, as I understand, and he is a remarkable linguist. He earns his living partly as interpreter in the law courts and partly by acting as guide to any wealthy Orientals who may visit the Northumberland Avenue hotels. I think I will leave him to tell his very remarkable experience in his own fashion.
###
Melas: I do not believe that the police credit me--on my word, I do not. Just because they have never heard of it before, they think that such a thing cannot be. But I know that I shall never be easy in my mind until I know what has become of my poor man with the sticking-plaster upon his face.
Holmes: I am all attention.
Melas: This is Wednesday evening. Well then, it was Monday night--only two days ago, you understand--that all this happened. I am an interpreter, as perhaps my neighbor there has told you. I interpret all languages--or nearly all--but as I am a Greek by birth and with a Grecian name, it is with that particular tongue that I am principally associated. For many years I have been the chief Greek interpreter in London, and my name is very well known in the hotels. It happens not unfrequently that I am sent for at strange hours by foreigners who get into difficulties, or by travelers who arrive late and wish my services. I was not surprised, therefore, on Monday night when a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man, came up to my rooms and asked me to accompany him in a cab which was waiting at the door. A Greek friend had come to see him upon business, he said, and as he could speak nothing but his own tongue, the services of an interpreter were indispensable. He gave me to understand that his house was some little distance off, in Kensington, and he seemed to be in a great hurry, bustling me rapidly into the cab when we had descended to the street.
###
Holmes: You will get down here, Mr. Melas. I am sorry to leave you so far from your house, but there is no alternative. Any attempt upon your part to follow the carriage can only end in injury to yourself.
Melas: Can you tell me what place this is?
Porter: Wandsworth Common.
Melas: Can I get a train into town?
Porter: If you walk on a mile or so to Clapham Junction, you'll just be in time for the last to Victoria.
Melas: So that was the end of my adventure, Mr. Holmes. I do not know where I was, nor whom I spoke with, nor anything save what I have told you. But I know that there is foul play going on, and I want to help that unhappy man if I can. I told the whole story to Mr. Mycroft Holmes next morning, and subsequently to the police.
Sherlock: Any steps?
Mycroft: Anybody supplying any information as to the whereabouts of a Greek gentleman named Paul Kratides, from Athens, who is unable to speak English, will be rewarded. A similar reward paid to anyone giving information about a Greek lady whose first name is Sophy. X 2473. That was in all the dailies. No answer.
Sherlock: How about the Greek Legation?
Mycroft: I have inquired. They know nothing.
###
Watson: That was in all the dailies. No answer.
Holmes: How about the Greek Legation?
Watson: I have inquired. They know nothing.
Holmes: A wire to the head of the Athens police, then?
Mycroft: Sherlock has all the energy of the family. Well, you take the case up by all means, and let me know if you do any good.
Holmes: Certainly, I'll let you know, and Mr. Melas also. In the meantime, Mr. Melas, I should certainly be on my guard, if I were you, for of course they must know through these advertisements that you have betrayed them.
Holmes: You see, Watson, our evening has been by no means wasted. Some of my most interesting cases have come to me in this way through Mycroft. The problem which we have just listened to, although it can admit of but one explanation, has still some distinguishing features.
Watson: You have hopes of solving it?
Holmes: Well, knowing as much as we do, it will be singular indeed if we fail to discover the rest. You must yourself have formed some theory which will explain the facts to which we have listened.
Watson: In a vague way, yes.
Holmes: What was your idea, then?
Watson: It seemed to me to be obvious that this Greek girl had been carried off by the young Englishman named Harold Latimer.
Holmes: Carried off from where?
Watson: Athens, perhaps.
Holmes: This young man could not talk a word of Greek. The lady could talk English fairly well. Inference--that she had been in England some little time, but he had not been in Greece.
Watson: Well, then, we will presume that she had come on a visit to England, and that this Harold had persuaded her to fly with him.
Holmes: That is more probable.
###
Watson: Well, then, we will presume that she had come on a visit to England, and that this Harold had persuaded her to fly with him.
Holmes: That is more probable.
Watson: Then the brother--for that, I fancy, must be the relationship--comes over from Greece to interfere. He imprudently puts himself into the power of the young man and his older associate. They seize him and use violence towards him in order to make him sign some papers to make over the girl's fortune--of which he may be trustee--to them. This he refuses to do. In order to negotiate with him they have to get an interpreter, and they pitch upon this Mr. Melas, having used some other one before. The girl is not told of the arrival of her brother, and finds it out by the merest accident.
Holmes: Excellent, Watson! I really fancy that you are not far from the truth. You see that we hold all the cards, and we have only to fear some sudden act of violence on their part. If they give us time we must have them. But how can we find where this house lies?
Watson: Well, if our conjecture is correct and the girl's name is or was Sophy Kratides, we should have no difficulty in tracing her. That must be our main hope, for the brother is, of course, a complete stranger. It is clear that some time has elapsed since this Harold established these relations with the girl--some weeks, at any rate--since the brother in Greece has had time to hear of it and come across. If they have been living in the same place during this time, it is probable that we shall have some answer to Mycroft's advertisement.
Watson: We had reached our house in Baker Street while we had been talking. Holmes ascended the stair first, and as he opened the door of our room he gave a start of surprise. Looking over his shoulder, I was equally astonished. His brother Mycroft was sitting smoking in the arm-chair.
Mycroft: Come in, Sherlock! Come in, sir, You don't expect such energy from me, do you, Sherlock? But somehow this case attracts me.
Watson: How did you get here?
###
Unknown: Come in, Sherlock! Come in, sir, You don't expect such energy from me, do you, Sherlock? But somehow this case attracts me.
Holmes: How did you get here?
Unknown: I passed you in a hansom.
Holmes: There has been some new development?
Unknown: I had an answer to my advertisement.
Holmes: And to what effect?
Mycroft Holmes: Here it is, written with a J pen on royal cream paper by a middle-aged man with a weak constitution. Sir [he says]: "In answer to your advertisement of today's date, I beg to inform you that I know the young lady in question very well. If you should care to call upon me I could give you some particulars as to her painful history. She is living at present at The Myrtles, Beckenham. Yours faithfully, J. Davenport. He writes from Lower Brixton. Do you not think that we might drive to him now, Sherlock, and learn these particulars?
Holmes: My dear Mycroft, the brother's life is more valuable than the sister's story. I think we should call at Scotland Yard for Inspector Gregson, and go straight out to Beckenham. We know that a man is being done to death, and every hour may be vital.
Watson: Better pick up Mr. Melas on our way, We may need an interpreter.
Holmes: Excellent, Send the boy for a four-wheeler, and we shall be off at once. Yes, I should say from what we have heard, that we are dealing with a particularly dangerous gang.
Unknown: Can you tell me where?
###
Mycroft Holmes: Can you tell me where?
Woman: I don't know, sir, I only know that he drove away with the gentleman in a carriage.
Mycroft Holmes: Did the gentleman give a name?
Woman: No, sir, He wasn't a tall, handsome, dark young man?
Woman: Oh, no, sir. He was a little gentleman, with glasses, thin in the face, but very pleasant in his ways, for he was laughing all the time that he was talking.
Sherlock Holmes: Come along! This grows serious.
Sherlock Holmes: These men have got hold of Melas again. He is a man of no physical courage, as they are well aware from their experience the other night. This villain was able to terrorize him the instant that he got into his presence. No doubt they want his professional services, but, having used him, they may be inclined to punish him for what they will regard as his treachery.
Holmes: The windows are all dark. The house seems deserted.
Inspector: Our birds are flown and the nest empty.
Inspector: I saw the wheel-tracks in the light of the gate-lamp, but where does the luggage come in?
###
Watson: Why do you say so?
Holmes: A carriage heavily loaded with luggage has passed out during the last hour.
Inspector: I saw the wheel-tracks in the light of the gate-lamp, but where does the luggage come in?
Holmes: You may have observed the same wheel-tracks going the other way. But the outward-bound ones were very much deeper--so much so that we can say for a certainty that there was a very considerable weight on the carriage.
Inspector: You get a trifle beyond me there. It will not be an easy door to force, but we will try if we cannot make someone hear us.
Holmes: I have a window open.
Inspector: It is a mercy that you are on the side of the force, and not against it, Mr. Holmes. Well, I think that under the circumstances we may enter without an invitation.
-: What is that?
-: A low moaning sound was coming from somewhere over our heads. Holmes rushed to the door and out into the hall. The dismal noise came from upstairs. He dashed up, the inspector and I at his heels, while his brother Mycroft followed as quickly as his great bulk would permit.
###
Holmes: It's charcoal. Give it time. It will clear.
Holmes: We can enter in a minute. Where is a candle? I doubt if we could strike a match in that atmosphere. Hold the light at the door and we shall get them out, Mycroft. Now!
###
Holmes: We can enter in a minute, Where is a candle? I doubt if we could strike a match in that atmosphere. Hold the light at the door and we shall get them out, Mycroft. Now!
Holmes: With a rush we got to the poisoned men and dragged them out into the well-lit hall. Both of them were blue-lipped and insensible, with swollen, congested faces and protruding eyes. Indeed, so distorted were their features that, save for his black beard and stout figure, we might have failed to recognize in one of them the Greek interpreter who had parted from us only a few hours before at the Diogenes Club. His hands and feet were securely strapped together, and he bore over one eye the marks of a violent blow. The other, who was secured in a similar fashion, was a tall man in the last stage of emaciation, with several strips of sticking-plaster arranged in a grotesque pattern over his face. He had ceased to moan as we laid him down, and a glance showed me that for him at least our aid had come too late. Mr. Melas, however, still lived, and in less than an hour, with the aid of ammonia and brandy I had the satisfaction of seeing him open his eyes, and of knowing that my hand had drawn him back from that dark valley in which all paths meet.
###
Watson: You come at a crisis, Holmes. If this paper remains blue, all is well. If it turns red, it means a man's life.
Holmes: Hum! I thought as much! I will be at your service in an instant, Watson. You will find tobacco in the Persian slipper.
Holmes: A very commonplace little murder. You've got something better, I fancy. You are the stormy petrel of crime, Watson. What is it?
Watson: It does not tell us very much, does it?
Holmes: Hardly anything. And yet the writing is of interest.
Watson: But the writing is not his own.
Holmes: Precisely. It is a woman's.
Watson: A man's surely.
###
Holmes: It does not tell us very much, does it?
Watson: Hardly anything.
Holmes: And yet the writing is of interest.
Watson: But the writing is not his own.
Holmes: Precisely. It is a woman's.
Watson: A man's surely.
Holmes: No, a woman's, and a woman of rare character. You see, at the commencement of an investigation it is something to know that your client is in close contact with someone who, for good or evil, has an exceptional nature. My interest is already awakened in the case. If you are ready we will start at once for Woking, and see this diplomatist who is in such evil case, and the lady to whom he dictates his letters.
Holmes: I am so glad that you have come. Percy has been inquiring for you all morning. Ah, poor old chap, he clings to any straw! His father and his mother asked me to see you, for the mere mention of the subject is very painful to them.
Holmes: We have had no details yet. I perceive that you are not yourself a member of the family.
###
Holmes: We have had no details yet. I perceive that you are not yourself a member of the family.
Joseph Harrison: Of course you saw the J H monogram on my locket. Joseph Harrison is my name, and as Percy is to marry my sister Annie I shall at least be a relation by marriage. You will find my sister in his room, for she has nursed him hand-and-foot this two months back. Perhaps we'd better go in at once, for I know how impatient he is.
Percy: Shall I leave, Percy? How are you, Watson? I should never have known you under that moustache, and I dare say you would not be prepared to swear to me. This I presume is your celebrated friend, Mr. Sherlock Holmes?
Watson: I introduced him in a few words, and we both sat down.
Percy: I won't waste your time. I'll plunge into the matter without further preamble. I was a happy and successful man, Mr. Holmes, and on the eve of being married, when a sudden and dreadful misfortune wrecked all my prospects in life.
###
Unknown: I was, as Watson may have told you, in the Foreign Office, and through the influences of my uncle, Lord Holdhurst, I rose rapidly to a responsible position. When my uncle became foreign minister in this administration he gave me several missions of trust, and as I always brought them to a successful conclusion, he came at last to have the utmost confidence in my ability and tact. Nearly ten weeks ago--to be more accurate, on the twenty-third of May--he called me into his private room, and, after complimenting me on the good work which I had done, he informed me that he had a new commission of trust for me to execute. 'This,' said he, taking a gray roll of paper from his bureau, 'is the original of that secret treaty between England and Italy of which, I regret to say, some rumors have already got into the public press. It is of enormous importance that nothing further should leak out. The French or the Russian embassy would pay an immense sum to learn the contents of these papers. They should not leave my bureau were it not that it is absolutely necessary to have them copied. You have a desk in your office?' 'Yes, sir.' 'Then take the treaty and lock it up there. I shall give directions that you may remain behind when the others go, so that you may copy it at your leisure without fear of being overlooked. When you have finished, relock both the original and the draft in the desk, and hand them over to me personally to-morrow morning.' I took the papers and--
Holmes: Excuse me an instant, Were you alone during this conversation? Absolutely. In a large room? Thirty feet each way. In the centre? Yes, about it. And speaking low? My uncle's voice is always remarkably low. I hardly spoke at all. Thank you, pray go on.
###
Holmes: Absolutely.
Watson: In a large room?
Holmes: Thirty feet each way.
Watson: In the centre?
Holmes: Yes, about it.
Watson: And speaking low?
Holmes: My uncle's voice is always remarkably low. I hardly spoke at all.
Holmes: Thank you, pray go on.
Watson: I did exactly what he indicated, and waited until the other clerks had departed. One of them in my room, Charles Gorot, had some arrears of work to make up, so I left him there and went out to dine. When I returned he was gone. I was anxious to hurry my work, for I knew that Joseph--the Mr. Harrison whom you saw just now--was in town, and that he would travel down to Woking by the eleven-o'clock train, and I wanted if possible to catch it. When I came to examine the treaty I saw at once that it was of such importance that my uncle had been guilty of no exaggeration in what he had said. Without going into details, I may say that it defined the position of Great Britain towards the Triple Alliance, and fore-shadowed the policy which this country would pursue in the event of the French fleet gaining a complete ascendancy over that of Italy in the Mediterranean. The questions treated in it were purely naval. At the end were the signatures of the high dignitaries who had signed it. I glanced my eyes over it, and then settled down to my task of copying. It was a long document, written in the French language, and containing twenty-six separate articles. I copied as quickly as I could, but at nine o'clock I had only done nine articles, and it seemed hopeless for me to attempt to catch my train. I was feeling drowsy and stupid, partly from my dinner and also from the effects of a long day's work. A cup of coffee would clear my brain. A commissionaire remains all night in a little lodge at the foot of the stairs, and is in the habit of making coffee at his spirit-lamp for any of the officials who may be working over time. I rang the bell, therefore, to summon him.
###
Narrator: To my surprise, it was a woman who answered the summons, a large, coarse-faced, elderly woman, in an apron. She explained that she was the commissionaire's wife, who did the charing, and I gave her the order for the coffee.
Narrator: I wrote two more articles and then, feeling more drowsy than ever, I rose and walked up and down the room to stretch my legs. My coffee had not yet come, and I wondered what was the cause of the delay could be. Opening the door, I started down the corridor to find out. There was a straight passage, dimly lighted, which led from the room in which I had been working, and was the only exit from it. It ended in a curving staircase, with the commissionaire's lodge in the passage at the bottom. Half way down this staircase is a small landing, with another passage running into it at right angles. This second one leads by means of a second small stair to a side door, used by servants, and also as a short cut by clerks when coming from Charles Street. Here is a rough chart of the place.
Holmes: Thank you. I think that I quite follow you.
Narrator: It is of the utmost importance that you should notice this point. I went down the stairs and into the hall, where I found the commissionaire fast asleep in his box, with the kettle boiling furiously upon the spirit-lamp. I took off the kettle and blew out the lamp, for the water was spurting over the floor. Then I put out my hand and was about to shake the man, who was still sleeping soundly, when a bell over his head rang loudly, and he woke with a start.
Commissionaire: Mr. Phelps, sir!
Narrator: I came down to see if my coffee was ready.
Commissionaire: I was boiling the kettle when I fell asleep, sir.
Narrator: If you were here, sir, then who rang the bell?
Commissionaire: It's the bell of the room you were working in.
###
Commissionaire: If you was here, sir, then who rang the bell?
Watson: The bell! What bell is it?
Commissionaire: It's the bell of the room you were working in.
Watson: A cold hand seemed to close round my heart. Someone, then, was in that room where my precious treaty lay upon the table. I ran frantically up the stair and along the passage. There was no one in the corridors, Mr. Holmes. There was no one in the room. All was exactly as I left it, save only that the papers which had been committed to my care had been taken from the desk on which they lay. The copy was there, and the original was gone.
Holmes: Pray, what did you do then?
Watson: I recognized in an instant that the thief must have come up the stairs from the side door. Of course I must have met him if he had come the other way.
Holmes: You were satisfied that he could not have been concealed in the room all the time, or in the corridor which you have just described as dimly lighted?
Watson: It is absolutely impossible. A rat could not conceal himself either in the room or the corridor. There is no cover at all.
Holmes: Thank you. Pray proceed.
Watson: The commissionaire, seeing by my pale face that something was to be feared, had followed me upstairs. Now we both rushed along the corridor and down the steep steps which led to Charles Street. The door at the bottom was closed, but unlocked. We flung it open and rushed out. I can distinctly remember that as we did so there came three chimes from a neighboring clock. It was quarter to ten.
Holmes: That is of enormous importance.
Watson: The night was very dark, and a thin, warm rain was falling. There was no one in Charles Street, but a great traffic was going on, as usual, in Whitehall, at the extremity. We rushed along the pavement, bare-headed as we were, and at the far corner we found a policeman standing.
###
Holmes: Had it been raining all evening?
Watson: Since about seven.
Holmes: How is it, then, that the woman who came into the room about nine left no traces with her muddy boots?
Watson: I am glad you raised the point. It occurred to me at the time. The charwomen are in the habit of taking off their boots at the commissionaire's office, and putting on list slippers.
Holmes: That is very clear. There were no marks, then, though the night was a wet one? The chain of events is certainly one of extraordinary interest. What did you do next?
Watson: We examined the room also. There is no possibility of a secret door, and the windows are quite thirty feet from the ground. Both of them were fastened on the inside. The carpet prevents any possibility of a trap-door, and the ceiling is of the ordinary whitewashed kind. I will pledge my life that whoever stole my papers could only have come through the door.
Holmes: How about the fireplace?
Watson: They use none. There is a stove. The bell-rope hangs from the wire just to the right of my desk. Whoever rang it must have come right up to the desk to do it. But why should any criminal wish to ring the bell? It is a most insoluble mystery.
Holmes: Certainly the incident was unusual. What were your next steps? You examined the room, I presume, to see if the intruder had left any traces--any cigar-end or dropped glove or hairpin or other trifle?
Watson: There was nothing of the sort.
Holmes: No smell?
Watson: Well, we never thought of that.
Holmes: Ah, a scent of tobacco would have been worth a great deal to us in such an investigation.
Watson: I never smoke myself, so I think I should have observed it if there had been any smell of tobacco. There was absolutely no clue of any kind. The only tangible fact was that the commissionaire's wife--Mrs. Tangey was the name--had hurried out of the place. He could give no explanation save that it was about the time when the woman always went home. The policeman and I agreed that our best plan would be to seize the woman before she could get rid of the papers, presuming that she had them.
###
Holmes: Your statement has been so explicit that you have really left me very few questions to ask. There is one of the very utmost importance, however. Did you tell anyone that you had this special task to perform?
Invalid: No one.
Holmes: Not Miss Harrison here, for example?
Invalid: No. I had not been back to Woking between getting the order and executing the commission.
Holmes: And none of your people had by chance been to see you?
Invalid: None.
Holmes: Did any of them know their way about in the office?
Invalid: Oh, yes, all of them had been shown over it.
Holmes: Still, of course, if you said nothing to anyone about the treaty these inquiries are irrelevant.
Invalid: I said nothing.
Holmes: Do you know anything of the commissionaire?
Invalid: Nothing except that he is an old soldier.
Holmes: What regiment?
Invalid: Oh, I have heard- Coldstream Guards.
Holmes: Thank you. I have no doubt I can get details from Forbes. The authorities are excellent at amassing facts, though they do not always use them to advantage. What a lovely thing a rose is!
###
Holmes: There is nothing in which deduction is so necessary as in religion. It can be built up as an exact science by the reasoner. Our highest assurance of the goodness of Providence seems to me to rest in the flowers. All other things, our powers, our desires, our food, are all really necessary for our existence in the first instance. But this rose is an extra. Its smell and its color are an embellishment of life, not a condition of it. It is only goodness which gives extras, and so I say again that we have much to hope from the flowers.
Phelps: Do you see any prospect of solving this mystery, Mr. Holmes?
Holmes: Oh, the mystery! Well, it would be absurd to deny that the case is a very abstruse and complicated one, but I can promise you that I will look into the matter and let you know any points which may strike me.
Phelps: Do you see any clue?
Holmes: You have furnished me with seven, but, of course, I must test them before I can pronounce upon their value.
Phelps: You suspect some one?
Holmes: I suspect myself.
Phelps: What!
Holmes: Of coming to conclusions too rapidly.
Phelps: Then go to London and test your conclusions.
Holmes: Your advice is very excellent, Miss Harrison. I think, Watson, we cannot do better. Do not allow yourself to indulge in false hopes, Mr. Phelps. The affair is a very tangled one.
Phelps: I shall be in a fever until I see you again.
Holmes: Well, I'll come out by the same train tomorrow, though it's more than likely that my report will be a negative one.
###
Diplomatist: I shall be in a fever until I see you again.
Holmes: Well, I'll come out by the same train tomorrow, though it's more than likely that my report will be a negative one.
Client: God bless you for promising to come. It gives me fresh life to know that something is being done. By the way, I have had a letter from Lord Holdhurst.
Holmes: Ha! What did he say?
Client: He was cold, but not harsh. I dare say my severe illness prevented him from being that. He repeated that the matter was of the utmost importance, and added that no steps would be taken about my future--by which he means, of course, my dismissal--until my health was restored and I had an opportunity of repairing my misfortune.
Holmes: Well, that was reasonable and considerate. Come, Watson, for we have a good day's work before us in town.
Holmes: It's a very cheery thing to come into London by any of these lines which run high, and allow you to look down upon the houses like this.
Holmes: Look at those big, isolated clumps of building rising up above the slates, like brick islands in a lead-colored sea.
Watson: The board schools.
Holmes: Light-houses, my boy! Beacons of the future! Capsules with hundreds of bright little seeds in each, out of which will spring the wise, better England of the future. I suppose that man Phelps does not drink?
Watson: I should not think so.
Holmes: Nor should I, but we are bound to take every possibility into account. The poor devil has certainly got himself into very deep water, and it's a question whether we shall ever be able to get him ashore. What did you think of Miss Harrison?
Watson: A girl of strong character.
###
Watson: A girl of strong character.
Holmes: Yes, but she is a good sort, or I am mistaken. She and her brother are the only children of an iron-master somewhere up Northumberland way. He got engaged to her when traveling last winter, and she came down to be introduced to his people, with her brother as escort. Then came the smash, and she stayed on to nurse her lover, while brother Joseph, finding himself pretty snug, stayed on too. I've been making a few independent inquiries, you see. But to-day must be a day of inquiries.
Watson: My practice-
Holmes: Oh, if you find your own cases more interesting than mine--I was going to say that my practice could get along very well for a day or two, since it is the slackest time in the year.
Holmes: Excellent. Then we'll look into this matter together. I think that we should begin by seeing Forbes. He can probably tell us all the details we want until we know from what side the case is to be approached.
Watson: You said you had a clue?
Holmes: Well, we have several, but we can only test their value by further inquiry. The most difficult crime to track is the one which is purposeless. Now this is not purposeless. Who is it who profits by it? There is the French ambassador, there is the Russian, there is who-ever might sell it to either of these, and there is Lord Holdhurst.
Watson: Lord Holdhurst!
Holmes: Well, it is just conceivable that a statesman might find himself in a position where he was not sorry to have such a document accidentally destroyed.
Watson: Not a statesman with the honorable record of Lord Holdhurst?
Holmes: It is a possibility and we cannot afford to disregard it. We shall see the noble lord to-day and find out if he can tell us anything. Meanwhile I have already set inquiries on foot.
Watson: Already?
Holmes: Yes, I sent wires from Woking station to every evening paper in London. This advertisement will appear in each of them.
###
Watson: Already?
Holmes: Yes, I sent wires from Woking station to every evening paper in London. This advertisement will appear in each of them.
Holmes: You are confident that the thief came in a cab?
Watson: It sounds plausible.
Holmes: That is one of the clues of which I spoke. It may lead us to something. And then, of course, there is the bell--which is the most distinctive feature of the case. Why should the bell ring? Was it the thief who did it out of bravado? Or was it some one who was with the thief who did it in order to prevent the crime? Or was it an accident? Or was it--?
Holmes: It was twenty past three when we reached our terminus, and after a hasty luncheon at the buffet we pushed on at once to Scotland Yard. Holmes had already wired to Forbes, and we found him waiting to receive us--a small, foxy man with a sharp but by no means amiable expression. He was decidedly frigid in his manner to us, especially when he heard the errand upon which we had come.
###
Detective: I've heard of your methods before now, Mr. Holmes, said he, tartly. "You are ready enough to use all the information that the police can lay at your disposal, and then you try to finish the case yourself and bring discredit on them."
Holmes: On the contrary, said Holmes, "out of my last fifty-three cases my name has only appeared in four, and the police have had all the credit in forty-nine. I don't blame you for not knowing this, for you are young and inexperienced, but if you wish to get on in your new duties you will work with me and not against me."
Detective: I'd be very glad of a hint or two, said the detective, changing his manner. "I've certainly had no credit from the case so far."
Holmes: What steps have you taken?
Detective: Tangey, the commissionaire, has been shadowed. He left the Guards with a good character and we can find nothing against him. His wife is a bad lot, though. I fancy she knows more about this than appears.
Holmes: Have you shadowed her?
Detective: We have set one of our women on to her. Mrs. Tangey drinks, and our woman has been with her twice when she was well on, but she could get nothing out of her.
Holmes: I understand that they have had brokers in the house?
Detective: Yes, but they were paid off.
Holmes: Where did the money come from?
Detective: That was all right. His pension was due. They have not shown any sign of being in funds.
Holmes: What explanation did she give of having answered the bell when Mr. Phelps rang for the coffee?
Detective: She said that he husband was very tired and she wished to relieve him.
Holmes: Well, certainly that would agree with his being found a little later asleep in his chair. There is nothing against them then but the woman's character. Did you ask her why she hurried away that night? Her haste attracted the attention of the police constable.
Detective: She was later than usual and wanted to get home.
Holmes: Did you point out to her that you and Mr. Phelps, who started at least twenty minutes after he, got home before her?
Detective: She explains that by the difference between a 'bus and a hansom.
###
Watson: She was later than usual and wanted to get home.
Watson: Did you point out to her that you and Mr. Phelps, who started at least twenty minutes after he, got home before her?
Watson: Did she make it clear why, on reaching her house, she ran into the back kitchen?
Watson: She has at least an answer for everything. Did you ask her whether in leaving she met any one or saw any one loitering about Charles Street?
Watson: Well, you seem to have cross-examined her pretty thoroughly. What else have you done?
Watson: The clerk Gorot has been shadowed all these nine weeks, but without result. We can show nothing against him.
Watson: Anything else?
Watson: Well, we have nothing else to go upon--no evidence of any kind.
Watson: Have you formed a theory about how that bell rang?
Watson: Well, I must confess that it beats me. It was a cool hand, whoever it was, to go and give the alarm like that.
Watson: Yes, it was a queer thing to do. Many thanks to you for what you have told me. If I can put the man into your hands you shall hear from me. Come along, Watson.
Watson: Where are we going to now? I asked, as we left the office.
Holmes: We are now going to interview Lord Holdhurst, the cabinet minister and future premier of England.
Watson: We were fortunate in finding that Lord Holdhurst was still in his chambers in Downing Street, and on Holmes sending in his card we were instantly shown up. The statesman received us with that old-fashioned courtesy for which he is remarkable, and seated us on the two luxuriant lounges on either side of the fireplace. Standing on the rug between us, with his slight, tall figure, his sharp features, thoughtful face, and curling hair prematurely tinged with gray, he seemed to represent that not too common type, a nobleman who is in truth noble.
###
Unknown: Your name is very familiar to me, Mr. Holmes. And, of course, I cannot pretend to be ignorant of the object of your visit. There has only been one occurrence in these offices which could call for your attention. In whose interest are you acting, may I ask?
Holmes: In that of Mr. Percy Phelps.
Unknown: Ah, my unfortunate nephew! You can understand that our kinship makes it the more impossible for me to screen him in any way. I fear that the incident must have a very prejudicial effect upon his career. But if the document is found?
Holmes: Ah, that, of course, would be different.
Unknown: I had one or two questions which I wished to ask you, Lord Holdhurst.
Lord Holdhurst: I shall be happy to give you any information in my power. Was it in this room that you gave your instructions as to the copying of the document?
Unknown: It was. Then you could hardly have been overheard?
Lord Holdhurst: It is out of the question. Did you ever mention to any one that it was your intention to give any one the treaty to be copied?
Unknown: Never. You are certain of that?
Lord Holdhurst: Absolutely. Well, since you never said so, and Mr. Phelps never said so, and nobody else knew anything of the matter, then the thief's presence in the room was purely accidental. He saw his chance and he took it.
Unknown: You take me out of my province there.
Holmes: There is another very important point which I wish to discuss with you. You feared, as I understand, that very grave results might follow from the details of this treaty becoming known.
Lord Holdhurst: Very grave results indeed. And have they occurred?
Holmes: Not yet. If the treaty had reached, let us say, the French or Russian Foreign Office, you would expect to hear of it?
Lord Holdhurst: I should. Since nearly ten weeks have elapsed, then, and nothing has been heard, it is not unfair to suppose that for some reason the treaty has not reached them.
###
Lord Holdhurst: I should, Since nearly ten weeks have elapsed, then, and nothing has been heard, it is not unfair to suppose that for some reason the treaty has not reached them.
Holmes: We can hardly suppose, Mr. Holmes, that the thief took the treaty in order to frame it and hang it up.
Holmes: Perhaps he is waiting for a better price.
Lord Holdhurst: If he waits a little longer he will get no price at all. The treaty will cease to be secret in a few months.
Holmes: That is most important. Of course, it is a possible supposition that the thief has had a sudden illness--
Lord Holdhurst: An attack of brain-fever, for example?
Holmes: I did not say so. And now, Lord Holdhurst, we have already taken up too much of your valuable time, and we shall wish you good-day.
Lord Holdhurst: Every success to your investigation, be the criminal who it may.
Holmes: He's a fine fellow. But he has a struggle to keep up his position. He is far from rich and has many calls. You noticed, of course, that his boots had been re-soled? Now, Watson, I won't detain you from your legitimate work any longer. I shall do nothing more to-day, unless I have an answer to my cab advertisement. But I should be extremely obliged to you if you would come down with me to Woking to-morrow, by the same train which we took yesterday.
Holmes: I met him accordingly next morning and we traveled down to Woking together. He had had no answer to his advertisement, he said, and no fresh light had been thrown upon the case. He had, when he so willed it, the utter immobility of countenance of a red Indian, and I could not gather from his appearance whether he was satisfied or not with the position of the case. His conversation, I remember, was about the Bertillon system of measurements, and he expressed his enthusiastic admiration of the French savant.
###
Holmes: Any news?
Client: My report, as I expected, is a negative one. I have seen Forbes, and I have seen your uncle, and I have set one or two trains of inquiry upon foot which may lead to something.
Client: You have not lost heart, then?
Holmes: By no means.
Miss Harrison: God bless you for saying that! If we keep our courage and our patience the truth must come out.
Phelps: We have more to tell you than you have for us. I hoped you might have something.
Phelps: Yes, we have had an adventure during the night, and one which might have proved to be a serious one. Do you know that I begin to believe that I am the unconscious centre of some monstrous conspiracy, and that my life is aimed at as well as my honor?
Holmes: Ah! 
Phelps: It sounds incredible, for I have not, as far as I know, an enemy in the world. Yet from last night's experience I can come to no other conclusion.
Phelps: Pray let me hear it.
###
Holmes: Ah!
Holmes: It sounds incredible, for I have not, as far as I know, an enemy in the world. Yet from last night's experience I can come to no other conclusion.
Watson: Pray let me hear it.
Holmes: You must know that last night was the very first night that I have ever slept without a nurse in the room. I was so much better that I thought I could dispense with one. I had a night-light burning, however. Well, about two in the morning I had sunk into a light sleep when I was suddenly aroused by a slight noise. It was like the sound which a mouse makes when it is gnawing a plank, and I lay listening to it for some time under the impression that it must come from that cause. Then it grew louder, and suddenly there came from the window a sharp metallic snick. I sat up in amazement. There could be no doubt what the sounds were now. The first ones had been caused by some one forcing an instrument through the slit between the sashes, and the second by the catch being pressed back.
Holmes: There was a pause then for about ten minutes, as if the person were waiting to see whether the noise had awakened me. Then I heard a gentle creaking as the window was very slowly opened. I could stand it no longer, for my nerves are not what they used to be. I sprang out of bed and flung open the shutters. A man was crouching at the window. I could see little of him, for he was gone like a flash. He was wrapped in some sort of cloak which came across the lower part of his face. One thing only I am sure of, and that is that he had some weapon in his hand. It looked to me like a long knife. I distinctly saw the gleam of it as he turned to run.
Watson: This is most interesting, Pray what did you do then?
###
Holmes: This is most interesting. Pray what did you do then?
Phelps: I should have followed him through the open window if I had been stronger. As it was, I rang the bell and roused the house. It took me some little time, for the bell rings in the kitchen and the servants all sleep upstairs. I shouted, however, and that brought Joseph down, and he roused the others. Joseph and the groom found marks on the bed outside the window, but the weather has been so dry lately that they found it hopeless to follow the trail across the grass. There's a place, however, on the wooden fence which skirts the road which shows signs, they tell me, as if some one had got over, and had snapped the top of the rail in doing so. I have said nothing to the local police yet, for I thought I had best have your opinion first.
Holmes: Misfortunes never come single.
Phelps: You have certainly had your share.
Holmes: Do you think you could walk round the house with me?
Phelps: Oh, yes, I should like a little sunshine. Joseph will come, too.
Holmes: And I also.
Miss Harrison: I am afraid not. I think I must ask you to remain sitting exactly where you are.
Holmes: The young lady resumed her seat with an air of displeasure. Her brother, however, had joined us and we set off all four together. We passed round the lawn to the outside of the young diplomatist's window. There were, as he had said, marks upon the bed, but they were hopelessly blurred and vague. Holmes stopped over them for an instant, and then rose shrugging his shoulders.
###
Holmes: I don't think anyone could make much of this. Let us go round the house and see why this particular room was chosen by the burglar. I should have thought those larger windows of the drawing-room and dining-room would have had more attractions for him.
Joseph Harrison: They are more visible from the road.
Holmes: Ah, yes, of course. There is a door here which he might have attempted. What is it for?
Joseph Harrison: It is the side entrance for trades-people. Of course it is locked at night.
Holmes: Have you ever had an alarm like this before?
Client: Never.
Holmes: Do you keep plate in the house, or anything to attract burglars?
Client: Nothing of value.
Holmes: You found some place, I understand, where the fellow scaled the fence. Let us have a look at that!
Holmes: Do you think that was done last night? It looks rather old, does it not?
Joseph Harrison: Well, possibly so.
Holmes: There are no marks of anyone jumping down upon the other side. No, I fancy we shall get no help here. Let us go back to the bedroom and talk the matter over.
Holmes: Miss Harrison, you must stay where you are all day. Let nothing prevent you from staying where you are all day. It is of the utmost importance.
Miss Harrison: Certainly, if you wish it, Mr. Holmes.
Holmes: When you go to bed lock the door of this room on the outside and keep the key. Promise to do this.
Miss Harrison: But Percy?
Holmes: He will come to London with us.
Miss Harrison: And am I to remain here?
###
Girl: Certainly, if you wish it, Mr. Holmes
Holmes: When you go to bed lock the door of this room on the outside and keep the key. Promise to do this.
Girl: But Percy?
Holmes: He will come to London with us.
Girl: And am I to remain here?
Holmes: It is for his sake. You can serve him. Quick! Promise!
Girl: She gave a quick nod of assent just as the other two came up.
Brother: Why do you sit moping there, Annie? Come out into the sunshine!
Girl: No, thank you, Joseph. I have a slight headache and this room is deliciously cool and soothing.
Client: What do you propose now, Mr. Holmes?
Holmes: Well, in investigating this minor affair we must not lose sight of our main inquiry. It would be a very great help to me if you would come up to London with us.
Client: At once?
Holmes: Well, as soon as you conveniently can. Say in an hour.
Client: I feel quite strong enough, if I can really be of any help.
Holmes: The greatest possible.
Client: Perhaps you would like me to stay there to-night?
Holmes: I was just going to propose it.
Client: Then, if my friend of the night comes to revisit me, he will find the bird flown. We are all in your hands, Mr. Holmes, and you must tell us exactly what you would like done. Perhaps you would prefer that Joseph came with us so as to look after me?
Holmes: Oh, no; my friend Watson is a medical man, you know, and he'll look after you. We'll have our lunch here, if you will permit us, and then we shall all three set off for town together.
Narrator: It was arranged as he suggested, though Miss Harrison excused herself from leaving the bedroom, in accordance with Holmes's suggestion. What the object of my friend's manoeuvres was I could not conceive, unless it were to keep the lady away from Phelps, who, rejoiced by his returning health and by the prospect of action, lunched with us in the dining-room. Holmes had still more startling surprise for us, however, for, after accompanying us down to the station and seeing us into our carriage, he calmly announced that he had no intention of leaving Woking.
###
Holmes: There are one or two small points which I should desire to clear up before I go. Your absence, Mr. Phelps, will in some ways rather assist me. Watson, when you reach London you would oblige me by driving at once to Baker Street with our friend here, and remaining with him until I see you again. It is fortunate that you are old school-fellows, as you must have much to talk over. Mr. Phelps can have the spare bedroom tonight, and I will be with you in time for breakfast, for there is a train which will take me into Waterloo at eight.
Phelps: But how about our investigation in London?
Holmes: We can do that tomorrow. I think that just at present I can be of more immediate use here.
Phelps: You might tell them at Briarbrae that I hope to be back tomorrow night.
Holmes: I hardly expect to go back to Briarbrae, and waved his hand to us cheerily as we shot out from the station.
Phelps: I suppose he wants to find out some clue as to the burglary last night, if a burglar it was. For myself, I don't believe it was an ordinary thief.
Phelps: What is your own idea, then?
Phelps: Upon my word, you may put it down to my weak nerves or not, but I believe there is some deep political intrigue going on around me, and that for some reason that passes my understanding my life is aimed at by the conspirators. It sounds high-flown and absurd, but consider the facts! Why should a thief try to break in at a bedroom window, where there could be no hope of any plunder, and why should he come with a long knife in his hand?
Watson: You are sure it was not a house-breaker's jimmy?
Phelps: Oh, no, it was a knife. I saw the flash of the blade quite distinctly.
Watson: But why on earth should you be pursued with such animosity?
Phelps: Ah, that is the question.
###
Watson: You are sure it was not a house-breaker's jimmy?
Holmes: Oh, no, it was a knife. I saw the flash of the blade quite distinctly.
Watson: But why on earth should you be pursued with such animosity?
Holmes: Ah, that is the question.
Watson: Well, if Holmes takes the same view, that would account for his action, would it not? Presuming that your theory is correct, if he can lay his hands upon the man who threatened you last night he will have gone a long way towards finding who took the naval treaty. It is absurd to suppose that you have two enemies, one of whom robs you, while the other threatens your life.
Watson: I have known him for some time, but I never knew him do anything yet without a very good reason, and with that our conversation drifted off on to other topics.
Watson: You have implicit faith in Holmes?
Phelps: I have seen him do some remarkable things.
Phelps: But he never brought light into anything quite so dark as this?
Watson: Oh, yes, I have known him solve questions which presented fewer clues than yours.
Phelps: But not where such large interests are at stake?
Watson: I don't know that. To my certain knowledge he has acted on behalf of three of the reigning houses of Europe in very vital matters.
Phelps: But you know him well, Watson. He is such an inscrutable fellow that I never quite know what to make of him. Do you think he is hopeful? Do you think he expects to make a success of it?
Watson: He has said nothing.
Phelps: That is a bad sign.
###
Holmes: But you know him well, Watson. He is such an inscrutable fellow that I never quite know what to make of him. Do you think he is hopeful? Do you think he expects to make a success of it?
Watson: He has said nothing.
Holmes: That is a bad sign.
Watson: On the contrary, I have noticed that when he is off the trail he generally says so. It is when he is on a scent and is not quite absolutely sure yet that it is the right one that he is most taciturn. Now, my dear fellow, we can't help matters by making ourselves nervous about them, so let me implore you to go to bed and so be fresh for whatever may await us tomorrow.
Watson: He'll be here when he promised, and not an instant sooner or later.
Phelps: He looks like a beaten man.
Watson: After all, the clue of the matter lies probably here in town.
Phelps: *groan*
###
Phelps: He looks like a beaten man.
Watson: After all, the clue of the matter lies probably here in town.
Phelps: I don't know how it is, but I had hoped for so much from his return. But surely his hand was not tied up like that yesterday. What can be the matter?
Watson: You are not wounded, Holmes?
Holmes: Tut, it is only a scratch through my own clumsiness. This case of yours, Mr. Phelps, is certainly one of the darkest which I have ever investigated.
Phelps: I feared that you would find it beyond you.
Holmes: It has been a most remarkable experience.
Watson: That bandage tells of adventures. Won't you tell us what has happened?
Holmes: After breakfast, my dear Watson. Remember that I have breathed thirty miles of Surrey air this morning. I suppose that there has been no answer from my cabman advertisement? Well, well, we cannot expect to score every time.
Holmes: Mrs. Hudson has risen to the occasion. Her cuisine is a little limited, but she has as good an idea of breakfast as a Scotch-woman. What have you here, Watson?
Watson: Ham and eggs.
Holmes: Good! What are you going to take, Mr. Phelps--curried fowl or eggs, or will you help yourself?
Phelps: Thank you. I can eat nothing.
Holmes: Oh, come! Try the dish before you.
Phelps: Thank you, I would really rather not.
Holmes: Well, then, I suppose that you have no objection to helping me?
###
Phelps: Thank you. I can eat nothing.
Holmes: Oh, come! Try the dish before you.
Phelps: Thank you, I would really rather not.
Holmes: Well, then, I suppose that you have no objection to helping me?
Phelps: There! there! It was too bad to spring it on you like this, but Watson here will tell you that I never can resist a touch of the dramatic.
Holmes: Well, my own was at stake, you know. I assure you it is just as hateful to me to fail in a case as it can be to you to blunder over a commission.
Phelps: I have not the heart to interrupt your breakfast any further, and yet I am dying to know how you got it and where it was.
Holmes: I'll tell you what I did first, and how I came to do it afterwards. After leaving you at the station I went for a charming walk through some admirable Surrey scenery to a pretty little village called Ripley, where I had my tea at an inn, and took the precaution of filling my flask and of putting a paper of sandwiches in my pocket. There I remained until evening, when I set off for Woking again, and found myself in the high-road outside Briarbrae just after sunset.
###
Holmes: The night was fine, but still it was a very weary vigil. Of course it has the sort of excitement about it that the sportsman feels when he lies beside the water-course and waits for the big game. It was very long, though--almost as long, Watson, as when you and I waited in that deadly room when we looked into the little problem of the Speckled Band. There was a church-clock down at Woking which struck the quarters, and I thought more than once that it had stopped. At last however about two in the morning, I suddenly heard the gentle sound of a bolt being pushed back and the creaking of a key. A moment later the servant's door was opened, and Mr. Joseph Harrison stepped out into the moonlight.
Phelps: Joseph!
Holmes: He was bare-headed, but he had a black coat thrown over his shoulder so that he could conceal his face in an instant if there were any alarm. He walked on tiptoe under the shadow of the wall, and when he reached the window he worked a long-bladed knife through the sash and pushed back the catch. Then he flung open the window, and putting his knife through the crack in the shutters, he thrust the bar up and swung them open. From where I lay I had a perfect view of the inside of the room and of every one of his movements. He lit the two candles which stood upon the mantelpiece, and then he proceeded to turn back the corner of the carpet in the neighborhood of the door. Presently he stopped and picked out a square piece of board, such as is usually left to enable plumbers to get at the joints of the gas-pipes. This one covered, as a matter of fact, the T joint which gives off the pipe which supplies the kitchen underneath. Out of this hiding-place he drew that little cylinder of paper, pushed down the board, rearranged the carpet, blew out the candles, and walked straight into my arms as I stood waiting for him outside the window.
###
Phelps: My head whirls, Your words have dazed me.
Holmes: The principal difficulty in your case lay in the fact of there being too much evidence. What was vital was overlaid and hidden by what was irrelevant. Of all the facts which were presented to us we had to pick just those which we deemed to be essential, and then piece them together in their order, so as to reconstruct this very remarkable chain of events. I had already begun to suspect Joseph, from the fact that you had intended to travel home with him that night, and that therefore it was a likely enough thing that he should call for you, knowing the Foreign Office well, upon his way. When I heard that some one had been so anxious to get into the bedroom, in which no one but Joseph could have concealed anything--you told us in your narrative how you had turned Joseph out when you arrived with the doctor--my suspicions all changed to certainties, especially as the attempt was made on the first night upon which the nurse was absent, showing that the intruder was well acquainted with the ways of the house.
Phelps: How blind I have been!
Holmes: The facts of the case, as far as I have worked them out, are these: this Joseph Harrison entered the office through the Charles Street door, and knowing his way he walked straight into your room the instant after you left it. Finding no one there he promptly rang the bell, and at the instant that he did so his eyes caught the paper upon the table. A glance showed him that chance had put in his way a State document of immense value, and in an instant he had thrust it into his pocket and was gone. A few minutes elapsed, as you remember, before the sleepy commissionaire drew your attention to the bell, and those were just enough to give the thief time to make his escape.
###
Narrator: He made his way to Woking by the first train, and having examined his booty and assured himself that it really was of immense value, he had concealed it in what he thought was a very safe place, with the intention of taking it out again in a day or two, and carrying it to the French embassy, or wherever he thought that a long price was to be had. Then came your sudden return. He, without a moment's warning, was bundled out of his room, and from that time onward there were always at least two of you there to prevent him from regaining his treasure. The situation to him must have been a maddening one. But at last he thought he saw his chance. He tried to steal in, but was baffled by your wakefulness. You remember that you did not take your usual draught that night.
Watson: I remember.
Narrator: I fancy that he had taken steps to make that draught efficacious, and that he quite relied upon your being unconscious. Of course, I understood that he would repeat the attempt whenever it could be done with safety. Your leaving the room gave him the chance he wanted. I kept Miss Harrison in it all day so that he might not anticipate us. Then, having given him the idea that the coast was clear, I kept guard as I have described. I already knew that the papers were probably in the room, but I had no desire to rip up all the planking and skirting in search of them. I let him take them, therefore, from the hiding-place, and so saved myself an infinity of trouble. Is there any other point which I can make clear?
Watson: Why did he try the window on the first occasion when he might have entered by the door?
Narrator: In reaching the door he would have to pass seven bedrooms. On the other hand, he could get out on to the lawn with ease. Anything else?
Phelps: You do not think that he had any murderous intention? The knife was only meant as a tool.
Holmes: It may be so, I can only say for certain that Mr. Joseph Harrison is a gentleman to whose mercy I should be extremely unwilling to trust.
###
Holmes: It may be so, I can only say for certain that Mr. Joseph Harrison is a gentleman to whose mercy I should be extremely unwilling to trust.
###
Watson: It lies with me to tell for the first time what really took place between Professor Moriarty and Mr. Sherlock Holmes.
Watson: It may be remembered that after my marriage, and my subsequent start in private practice, the very intimate relations which had existed between Holmes and myself became to some extent modified. He still came to me from time to time when he desired a companion in his investigation, but these occasions grew more and more seldom, until I find that in the year 1890 there were only three cases of which I retain any record. During the winter of that year and the early spring of 1891, I saw in the papers that he had been engaged by the French government upon a matter of supreme importance, and I received two notes from Holmes, dated from Narbonne and from Nimes, from which I gathered that his stay in France was likely to be a long one. It was with some surprise, therefore, that I saw him walk into my consulting-room upon the evening of April 24th. It struck me that he was looking even paler and thinner than usual.
Watson: Yes, I have been using myself up rather too freely, I have been a little pressed of late. Have you any objection to my closing your shutters?
Watson: You are afraid of something? I asked.
Holmes: Well, I am.
Watson: Of what?
Holmes: Of air guns.
Watson: My dear Holmes, what do you mean?
Holmes: I think that you know me well enough, Watson, to understand that I am by no means a nervous man. At the same time, it is stupidity rather than courage to refuse to recognize danger when it is close upon you. Might I trouble you for a match? He drew in the smoke of his cigarette as if the soothing influence was grateful to him.
###
Holmes: I must apologize for calling so late, and I must further beg you to be so unconventional as to allow me to leave your house presently by scrambling over your back garden wall.
Watson: But what does it all mean?
Holmes: It is not an airy nothing, you see. On the contrary, it is solid enough for a man to break his hand over. Is Mrs. Watson in?
Watson: She is away upon a visit.
Holmes: Indeed! You are alone?
Watson: Quite.
Holmes: Then it makes it the easier for me to propose that you should come away with me for a week to the Continent.
Watson: Where?
Holmes: Oh, anywhere. It's all the same to me.
Holmes: You have probably never heard of Professor Moriarty?
Watson: Never.
Holmes: Aye, there's the genius and the wonder of the thing! The man pervades London, and no one has heard of him. That's what puts him on a pinnacle in the records of crime. I tell you, Watson, in all seriousness, that if I could beat that man, if I could free society of him, I should feel that my own career had reached its summit, and I should be prepared to turn to some more placid line in life. Between ourselves, the recent cases in which I have been of assistance to the royal family of Scandinavia, and to the French republic, have left me in such a position that I could continue to live in the quiet fashion which is most congenial to me, and to concentrate my attention upon my chemical researches. But I could not rest, Watson, I could not sit quiet in my chair, if I thought that such a man as Professor Moriarty were walking the streets of London unchallenged.
Watson: What has he done, then?
###
Watson: What has he done, then?
Holmes: His career has been an extraordinary one. He is a man of good birth and excellent education, endowed by nature with a phenomenal mathematical faculty. At the age of twenty-one he wrote a treatise upon the Binomial Theorem, which has had a European vogue. On the strength of it he won the Mathematical Chair at one of our smaller universities, and had, to all appearance, a most brilliant career before him. But the man had hereditary tendencies of the most diabolical kind. A criminal strain ran in his blood, which, instead of being modified, was increased and rendered infinitely more dangerous by his extraordinary mental powers. Dark rumors gathered round him in the university town, and eventually he was compelled to resign his chair and to come down to London, where he set up as an army coach. So much is known to the world, but what I am telling you now is what I have myself discovered. As you are aware, Watson, there is no one who knows the higher criminal world of London so well as I do. For years past I have continually been conscious of some power behind the malefactor, some deep organizing power which forever stands in the way of the law, and throws its shield over the wrong-doer. Again and again in cases of the most varying sorts--forgery cases, robberies, murders--I have felt the presence of this force, and I have deduced its action in many of those undiscovered crimes in which I have not been personally consulted. For years I have endeavored to break through the veil which shrouded it, and at last the time came when I seized my thread and followed it, until it led me, after a thousand cunning windings, to ex-Professor Moriarty of mathematical celebrity.
###
Holmes: He is the Napoleon of crime, Watson. He is the organizer of half that is evil and of nearly all that is undetected in this great city. He is a genius, a philosopher, an abstract thinker. He has a brain of the first order. He sits motionless, like a spider in the center of its web, but that web has a thousand radiations, and he knows well every quiver of each of them. He does little himself. He only plans. But his agents are numerous and splendidly organized. Is there a crime to be done, a paper to be abstracted, we will say, a house to be rifled, a man to be removed--the word is passed to the Professor, the matter is organized and carried out. The agent may be caught. In that case money is found for his bail or his defence. But the central power which uses the agent is never caught--never so much as suspected. This was the organization which I deduced, Watson, and which I devoted my whole energy to exposing and breaking up.
Holmes: But the Professor was fenced round with safeguards so cunningly devised that, do what I would, it seemed impossible to get evidence which would convict in a court of law. You know my powers, my dear Watson, and yet at the end of three months I was forced to confess that I had at last met an antagonist who was my intellectual equal. My horror at his crimes was lost in my admiration at his skill. But at last he made a trip--only a little, little trip--but it was more than he could afford when I was so close upon him. I had my chance, and, starting from that point, I have woven my net round him until now it is all ready to close. In three days--that is to say, on Monday next--matters will be ripe, and the Professor, with all the principal members of his gang, will be in the hands of the police. Then will come the greatest criminal trial of the century, the clearing up of over forty mysteries, and the rope for all of them; but if we move at all prematurely, you understand, they may slip out of our hands even at the last moment.
###
Holmes: Now, if I could have done this without the knowledge of Professor Moriarty, all would have been well. But he was too wily for that. He saw every step which I took to draw my toils round him. Again and again he strove to break away, but I as often headed him off. I tell you, my friend, that if a detailed account of that silent contest could be written, it would take its place as the most brilliant bit of thrust-and-parry work in the history of detection. Never have I risen to such a height, and never have I been so hard pressed by an opponent. He cut deep, and yet I just undercut him. This morning the last steps were taken, and three days only were wanted to complete the business. I was sitting in my room thinking the matter over, when the door opened and Professor Moriarty stood before me.
Holmes: My nerves are fairly proof, Watson, but I must confess to a start when I saw the very man who had been so much in my thoughts standing there on my threshold. His appearance was quite familiar to me. He is extremely tall and thin, his forehead domes out in a white curve, and his two eyes are deeply sunken in his head. He is clean-shaven, pale, and ascetic-looking, retaining something of the professor in his features. His shoulders are rounded from much study, and his face protrudes forward, and is forever slowly oscillating from side to side in a curiously reptilian fashion. He peered at me with great curiosity in his puckered eyes.
Moriarty: You have less frontal development that I should have expected. It is a dangerous habit to finger loaded firearms in the pocket of one's dressing-gown.
###
Holmes: You have less frontal development that I should have expected. It is a dangerous habit to finger loaded firearms in the pocket of one's dressing-gown.
Watson: The fact is that upon his entrance I had instantly recognized the extreme personal danger in which I lay. The only conceivable escape for him lay in silencing my tongue. In an instant I had slipped the revolver from the drawer into my pocket, and was covering him through the cloth. At his remark I drew the weapon out and laid it cocked upon the table. He still smiled and blinked, but there was something about his eyes which made me feel very glad that I had it there.
Holmes: You evidently don't know me.
Watson: On the contrary, I think it is fairly evident that I do. Pray take a chair. I can spare you five minutes if you have anything to say.
Holmes: All that I have to say has already crossed your mind.
Watson: Then possibly my answer has crossed yours.
Holmes: You stand fast?
Watson: Absolutely.
Holmes: You crossed my path on the 4th of January. On the 23d you incommoded me; by the middle of February I was seriously inconvenienced by you; at the end of March I was absolutely hampered in my plans; and now, at the close of April, I find myself placed in such a position through your continual persecution that I am in positive danger of losing my liberty. The situation is becoming an impossible one.
Watson: Have you any suggestion to make?
Holmes: You must drop it, Mr. Holmes. You really must, you know.
Watson: After Monday.
###
Watson: Have you any suggestion to make?
Holmes: You must drop it, Mr. Holmes, you really must, you know.
Watson: After Monday.
Holmes: I am quite sure that a man of your intelligence will see that there can be but one outcome to this affair. It is necessary that you should withdraw. You have worked things in such a fashion that we have only one resource left. It has been an intellectual treat to me to see the way in which you have grappled with this affair, and I say, unaffectedly, that it would be a grief to me to be forced to take any extreme measure. You smile, sir, but I assure you that it really would.
Watson: Danger is part of my trade.
Holmes: That is not danger. It is inevitable destruction. You stand in the way not merely of an individual, but of a mighty organization, the full extent of which you, with all your cleverness, have been unable to realize. You must stand clear, Mr. Holmes, or be trodden under foot.
Watson: I am afraid that in the pleasure of this conversation I am neglecting business of importance which awaits me elsewhere.
Holmes: Well, well. It seems a pity, but I have done what I could. I know every move of your game. You can do nothing before Monday. It has been a duel between you and me, Mr. Holmes. You hope to place me in the dock. I tell you that I will never stand in the dock. You hope to beat me. I tell you that you will never beat me. If you are clever enough to bring destruction upon me, rest assured that I shall do as much to you.
Watson: You have paid me several compliments, Mr. Moriarty. Let me pay you one in return when I say that if I were assured of the former eventuality I would, in the interests of the public, cheerfully accept the latter.
Holmes: I can promise you the one, but not the other, he snarled, and so turned his rounded back upon me, and went peering and blinking out of the room.
###
Holmes: I can promise you the one, but not the other, he snarled, and so turned his rounded back upon me, and went peering and blinking out of the room.
Watson: That was my singular interview with Professor Moriarty. I confess that it left an unpleasant effect upon my mind. His soft, precise fashion of speech leaves a conviction of sincerity which a mere bully could not produce. Of course, you will say: 'Why not take police precautions against him?' the reason is that I am well convinced that it is from his agents the blow would fall. I have the best proofs that it would be so.
Holmes: You have already been assaulted?
Watson: My dear Watson, Professor Moriarty is not a man who lets the grass grow under his feet. I went out about mid-day to transact some business in Oxford Street. As I passed the corner which leads from Bentinck Street on to the Welbeck Street crossing a two-horse van furiously driven whizzed round and was on me like a flash. I sprang for the foot-path and saved myself by the fraction of a second. The van dashed round by Marylebone Lane and was gone in an instant. I kept to the pavement after that, Watson, but as I walked down Vere Street a brick came down from the roof of one of the houses, and was shattered to fragments at my feet. I called the police and had the place examined. There were slates and bricks piled up on the roof preparatory to some repairs, and they would have me believe that the wind had toppled over one of these. Of course I knew better, but I could prove nothing. I took a cab after that and reached my brother's rooms in Pall Mall, where I spent the day. Now I have come round to you, and on my way I was attacked by a rough with a bludgeon. I knocked him down, and the police have him in custody; but I can tell you with the most absolute confidence that no possible connection will ever be traced between the gentleman upon whose front teeth I have barked my knuckles and the retiring mathematical coach, who is, I dare say, working out problems upon a black-board ten miles away.
###
Holmes: You will not wonder, Watson, that my first act on entering your rooms was to close your shutters, and that I have been compelled to ask your permission to leave the house by some less conspicuous exit than the front door.
Watson: You will spend the night here?
Holmes: No, my friend, you might find me a dangerous guest. I have my plans laid, and all will be well. Matters have gone so far now that they can move without my help as far as the arrest goes, though my presence is necessary for a conviction. It is obvious, therefore, that I cannot do better than get away for the few days which remain before the police are at liberty to act. It would be a great pleasure to me, therefore, if you could come on to the Continent with me.
Watson: The practice is quiet, and I have an accommodating neighbor. I should be glad to come.
Holmes: And to start tomorrow morning?
Watson: If necessary.
###
Watson: The practice is quiet, and I have an accommodating neighbor. I should be glad to come.
Holmes: And to start tomorrow morning?
Watson: If necessary.
Holmes: Oh yes, it is most necessary. Then these are your instructions, and I beg, my dear Watson, that you will obey them to the letter, for you are now playing a double-handed game with me against the cleverest rogue and the most powerful syndicate of criminals in Europe. Now listen! You will dispatch whatever luggage you intend to take by a trusty messenger unaddressed to Victoria to-night. In the morning you will send for a hansom, desiring your man to take neither the first nor the second which may present itself. Into this hansom you will jump, and you will drive to the Strand end of the Lowther Arcade, handing the address to the cabman upon a slip of paper, with a request that he will not throw it away. Have your fare ready, and the instant that your cab stops, dash through the Arcade, timing yourself to reach the other side at a quarter-past nine. You will find a small brougham waiting close to the curb, driven by a fellow with a heavy black cloak tipped at the collar with red. Into this you will step, and you will reach Victoria in time for the Continental express.
Watson: Where shall I meet you?
Holmes: At the station. The second first-class carriage from the front will be reserved for us.
Watson: The carriage is our rendezvous, then?
Holmes: Yes.
Watson: It was in vain that I asked Holmes to remain for the evening. It was evident to me that he thought he might bring trouble to the roof he was under, and that that was the motive which impelled him to go. With a few hurried words as to our plans for the morrow he rose and came out with me into the garden, clambering over the wall which leads into Mortimer Street, and immediately whistling for a hansom, in which I heard him drive away.
###
Watson: In the morning I obeyed Holmes's injunctions to the letter. A hansom was procured with such precaution as would prevent its being one which was placed ready for us, and I drove immediately after breakfast to the Lowther Arcade, through which I hurried at the top of my speed. A brougham was waiting with a very massive driver wrapped in a dark cloak, who, the instant that I had stepped in, whipped up the horse and rattled off to Victoria Station. On my alighting there he turned the carriage, and dashed away again without so much as a look in my direction.
Watson: So far all had gone admirably. My luggage was waiting for me, and I had no difficulty in finding the carriage which Holmes had indicated, the less so as it was the only one in the train which was marked "Engaged." My only source of anxiety now was the non-appearance of Holmes. The station clock marked only seven minutes from the time when we were due to start. In vain I searched among the groups of travellers and leave-takers for the lithe figure of my friend. There was no sign of him. I spent a few minutes in assisting a venerable Italian priest, who was endeavoring to make a porter understand, in his broken English, that his luggage was to be booked through to Paris. Then, having taken another look round, I returned to my carriage, where I found that the porter, in spite of the ticket, had given me my decrepit Italian friend as a traveling companion. It was useless for me to explain to him that his presence was an intrusion, for my Italian was even more limited than his English, so I shrugged my shoulders resignedly, and continued to look out anxiously for my friend. A chill of fear had come over me, as I thought that his absence might mean that some blow had fallen during the night. Already the doors had all been shut and the whistle blown, when--
Holmes: My dear Watson, you have not even condescended to say good-morning.
###
Holmes: My dear Watson, you have not even condescended to say good-morning.
Watson: Good heavens! how you startled me!
Holmes: Every precaution is still necessary. I have reason to think that they are hot upon our trail. Ah, there is Moriarty himself.
Holmes: With all our precautions, you see that we have cut it rather fine. Have you seen the morning paper, Watson?
Watson: No.
Holmes: You haven't seen about Baker Street, then?
Watson: Baker Street?
Holmes: They set fire to our rooms last night. No great harm was done. Good heavens, Holmes, this is intolerable! They must have lost my track completely after their bludgeon-man was arrested. Otherwise they could not have imagined that I had returned to my rooms. They have evidently taken the precaution of watching you, however, and that is what has brought Moriarty to Victoria. You could not have made any slip in coming?
Watson: I did exactly what you advised.
Holmes: Did you find your brougham?
Watson: Yes, it was waiting.
Holmes: Did you recognize your coachman?
Watson: No.
Holmes: It was my brother Mycroft. It is an advantage to get about in such a case without taking a mercenary into your confidence. But we must plan what we are to do about Moriarty now.
###
Holmes: Yes, it was waiting.
Watson: Did you recognize your coachman?
Holmes: No. It was my brother Mycroft. It is an advantage to get about in such a case without taking a mercenary into your confidence. But we must plan what we are to do about Moriarty now.
Watson: As this is an express, and as the boat runs in connection with it, I should think we have shaken him off very effectively.
Holmes: My dear Watson, you evidently did not realize my meaning when I said that this man may be taken as being quite on the same intellectual plane as myself. You do not imagine that if I were the pursuer I should allow myself to be baffled by so slight an obstacle. Why, then, should you think so meanly of him?
Watson: What will he do?
Holmes: What I should do.
Watson: What would you do, then?
Holmes: Engage a special. But it must be late.
Watson: By no means. This train stops at Canterbury; and there is always at least a quarter of an hour's delay at the boat. He will catch us there.
Watson: One would think that we were the criminals. Let us have him arrested on his arrival.
Holmes: It would be to ruin the work of three months. We should get the big fish, but the smaller would dart right and left out of the net. On Monday we should have them all. No, an arrest is inadmissible.
Watson: What then?
Holmes: We shall get out at Canterbury.
Watson: And then?
Holmes: Well, then we must make a cross-country journey to Newhaven, and so over to Dieppe. Moriarty will again do what I should do. He will get on to Paris, mark down our luggage, and wait for two days at the depot. In the meantime we shall treat ourselves to a couple of carpet-bags, encourage the manufactures of the countries through which we travel, and make our way at our leisure into Switzerland, via Luxembourg and Basle.
Holmes: At Canterbury, therefore, we alighted, only to find that we should have to wait an hour before we could get a train to Newhaven. I was still looking rather ruefully after the rapidly disappearing luggage-van which contained my wardrobe, when Holmes pulled my sleeve and pointed up the line. Already, you see.
###
Watson: Already, you see.
Holmes: There he goes. There are limits, you see, to our friend's intelligence. It would have been a coup-de-matre had he deduced what I would deduce and acted accordingly.
Watson: And what would he have done had he overtaken us?
Holmes: There cannot be the least doubt that he would have made a murderous attack upon me. It is, however, a game at which two may play. The question now is whether we should take a premature lunch here, or run our chance of starving before we reach the buffet at Newhaven.
Holmes: I might have known it! He has escaped! Moriarty? They have secured the whole gang with the exception of him. He has given them the slip. Of course, when I had left the country there was no one to cope with him. But I did think that I had put the game in their hands. I think that you had better return to England, Watson.
Watson: Why?
###
Holmes: Why?
Watson: Because you will find me a dangerous companion now. This man's occupation is gone. He is lost if he returns to London. If I read his character right he will devote his whole energies to revenging himself upon me. He said as much in our short interview, and I fancy that he meant it. I should certainly recommend you to return to your practice.
Watson: It was hardly an appeal to be successful with one who was an old campaigner as well as an old friend. We sat in the Strasbourg salle--manger arguing the question for half an hour, but the same night we had resumed our journey and were well on our way to Geneva.
Watson: For a charming week we wandered up the Valley of the Rhone, and then, branching off at Leuk, we made our way over the Gemmi Pass, still deep in snow, and so, by way of Interlaken, to Meiringen. It was a lovely trip, the dainty green of the spring below, the virgin white of the winter above; but it was clear to me that never for one instant did Holmes forget the shadow which lay across him. In the homely Alpine villages or in the lonely mountain passes, I could tell by his quick glancing eyes and his sharp scrutiny of every face that passed us, that he was well convinced that, walk where we would, we could not walk ourselves clear of the danger which was dogging our footsteps.
Watson: Once, I remember, as we passed over the Gemmi, and walked along the border of the melancholy Daubensee, a large rock which had been dislodged from the ridge upon our right clattered down and roared into the lake behind us. In an instant Holmes had raced up on to the ridge, and, standing upon a lofty pinnacle, craned his neck in every direction. It was in vain that our guide assured him that a fall of stones was a common chance in the spring-time at that spot. He said nothing, but he smiled at me with the air of a man who sees the fulfillment of that which he had expected.
###
Holmes: Certainly not! But it has the hotel mark upon it! Ha, it must have been written by that tall Englishman who came in after you had gone. He said--
Watson: But I waited for none of the landlord's explanations. In a tingle of fear I was already running down the village street, and making for the path which I had so lately descended. It had taken me an hour to come down. For all my efforts two more had passed before I found myself at the fall of Reichenbach once more. There was Holmes's Alpine-stock still leaning against the rock by which I had left him. But there was no sign of him, and it was in vain that I shouted. My only answer was my own voice reverberating in a rolling echo from the cliffs around me. It was the sight of that Alpine-stock which turned me cold and sick. He had not gone to Rosenlaui, then. He had remained on that three-foot path, with sheer wall on one side and sheer drop on the other, until his enemy had overtaken him. The young Swiss had gone too. He had probably been in the pay of Moriarty, and had left the two men together. And then what had happened? Who was to tell us what had happened then?
###
Holmes: My dear Watson: I write these few lines through the courtesy of Mr. Moriarty, who awaits my convenience for the final discussion of those questions which lie between us. He has been giving me a sketch of the methods by which he avoided the English police and kept himself informed of our movements. They certainly confirm the very high opinion which I had formed of his abilities. I am pleased to think that I shall be able to free society from any further effects of his presence, though I fear that it is at a cost which will give pain to my friends, and especially, my dear Watson, to you. I have already explained to you, however, that my career had in any case reached its crisis, and that no possible conclusion to it could be more congenial to me than this. Indeed, if I may make a full confession to you, I was quite convinced that the letter from Meiringen was a hoax, and I allowed you to depart on that errand under the persuasion that some development of this sort would follow. Tell Inspector Patterson that the papers which he needs to convict the gang are in pigeonhole M., done up in a blue envelope and inscribed "Moriarty." I made every disposition of my property before leaving England, and handed it to my brother Mycroft. Pray give my greetings to Mrs. Watson, and believe me to be, my dear fellow, Very sincerely yours, Sherlock Holmes.
###
Watson: My dear Watson, I owe you a thousand apologies. I had no idea that you would be so affected.
Watson: Holmes! Is it really you? Can it indeed be that you are alive? Is it possible that you succeeded in climbing out of that awful abyss?
Holmes: Wait a moment, Are you sure that you are really fit to discuss things? I have given you a serious shock by my unnecessarily dramatic reappearance.
Watson: I am all right, but indeed, Holmes, I can hardly believe my eyes. Good heavens, to think that you--you of all men--should be standing in my study! Well, you're not a spirit, anyhow. My dear chap, I am overjoyed to see you. Sit down and tell me how you came alive out of that dreadful chasm.
###
Holmes: I am glad to stretch myself, Watson. It is no joke when a tall man has to take a foot off his stature for several hours on end. Now, my dear fellow, in the matter of these explanations we have, if I may ask for your co-operation, a hard and dangerous night's work in front of us. Perhaps it would be better if I gave you an account of the whole situation when that work is finished.
Watson: I am full of curiosity. I should much prefer to hear now.
Holmes: You'll come with me to-night?
Watson: When you like and where you like.
Holmes: This is indeed like the old days. We shall have time for a mouthful of dinner before we need go. Well, then, about that chasm. I had no serious difficulty in getting out of it, for the very simple reason that I never was in it.
Watson: You never were in it?
Holmes: No, Watson, I never was in it. My note to you was absolutely genuine. I had little doubt that I had come to the end of my career when I perceived the somewhat sinister figure of the late Professor Moriarty standing upon the narrow pathway which led to safety. I read an inexorable purpose in his grey eyes. I exchanged some remarks with him, therefore, and obtained his courteous permission to write the short note which you afterwards received. I left it with my cigarette-box and my stick and I walked along the pathway, Moriarty still at my heels. When I reached the end I stood at bay. He drew no weapon, but he rushed at me and threw his long arms around me. He knew that his own game was up, and was only anxious to revenge himself upon me. We tottered together upon the brink of the fall. I have some knowledge, however, of baritsu, or the Japanese system of wrestling, which has more than once been very useful to me. I slipped through his grip, and he with a horrible scream kicked madly for a few seconds and clawed the air with both his hands. But for all his efforts he could not get his balance, and over he went. With my face over the brink I saw him fall for a long way. Then he struck a rock, bounded off, and splashed into the water.
###
Watson: But the tracks! I saw with my own eyes that two went down the path and none returned.
Holmes: It came about in this way. The instant that the Professor had disappeared it struck me what a really extraordinarily lucky chance Fate had placed in my way. I knew that Moriarty was not the only man who had sworn my death. There were at least three others whose desire for vengeance upon me would only be increased by the death of their leader. They were all most dangerous men. One or other would certainly get me. On the other hand, if all the world was convinced that I was dead they would take liberties, these men, they would lay themselves open, and sooner or later I could destroy them. Then it would be time for me to announce that I was still in the land of the living. So rapidly does the brain act that I believe I had thought this all out before Professor Moriarty had reached the bottom of the Reichenbach Fall.
###
Holmes: I stood up and examined the rocky wall behind me. In your picturesque account of the matter, which I read with great interest some months later, you assert that the wall was sheer. This was not literally true. A few small footholds presented themselves, and there was some indication of a ledge. The cliff is so high that to climb it all was an obvious impossibility, and it was equally impossible to make my way along the wet path without leaving some tracks. I might, it is true, have reversed my boots, as I have done on similar occasions, but the sight of three sets of tracks in one direction would certainly have suggested a deception. On the whole, then, it was best that I should risk the climb. It was not a pleasant business, Watson. The fall roared beneath me. I am not a fanciful person, but I give you my word that I seemed to hear Moriarty's voice screaming at me out of the abyss. A mistake would have been fatal. More than once, as tufts of grass came out in my hand or my foot slipped in the wet notches of the rock, I thought that I was gone. But I struggled upwards, and at last I reached a ledge several feet deep and covered with soft green moss, where I could lie unseen in the most perfect comfort. There I was stretched when you, my dear Watson, and all your following were investigating in the most sympathetic and inefficient manner the circumstances of my death.
###
Holmes: At last, when you had all formed your inevitable and totally erroneous conclusions, you departed for the hotel and I was left alone. I had imagined that I had reached the end of my adventures, but a very unexpected occurrence showed me that there were surprises still in store for me. A huge rock, falling from above, boomed past me, struck the path, and bounded over into the chasm. For an instant I thought that it was an accident; but a moment later, looking up, I saw a man's head against the darkening sky, and another stone struck the very ledge upon which I was stretched, within a foot of my head. Of course, the meaning of this was obvious. Moriarty had not been alone. A confederate--and even that one glance had told me how dangerous a man that confederate was--had kept guard while the Professor had attacked me. From a distance, unseen by me, he had been a witness of his friend's death and of my escape. He had waited, and then, making his way round to the top of the cliff, he had endeavoured to succeed where his comrade had failed. I did not take long to think about it, Watson. Again I saw that grim face look over the cliff, and I knew that it was the precursor of another stone. I scrambled down on to the path. I don't think I could have done it in cold blood. It was a hundred times more difficult than getting up. But I had no time to think of the danger, for another stone sang past me as I hung by my hands from the edge of the ledge. Halfway down I slipped, but by the blessing of God I landed, torn and bleeding, upon the path. I took to my heels, did ten miles over the mountains in the darkness, and a week later I found myself in Florence with the certainty that no one in the world knew what had become of me.
###
Holmes: I had only one confidant--my brother Mycroft. I owe you many apologies, my dear Watson, but it was all-important that it should be thought I was dead, and it is quite certain that you would not have written so convincing an account of my unhappy end had you not yourself thought that it was true. Several times during the last three years I have taken up my pen to write to you, but always I feared lest your affectionate regard for me should tempt you to some indiscretion which would betray my secret. For that reason I turned away from you this evening when you upset my books, for I was in danger at the time, and any show of surprise and emotion upon your part might have drawn attention to my identity and led to the most deplorable and irreparable results. As to Mycroft, I had to confide in him in order to obtain the money which I needed. The course of events in London did not run so well as I had hoped, for the trial of the Moriarty gang left two of its most dangerous members, my own most vindictive enemies, at liberty. I travelled for two years in Tibet, therefore, and amused myself by visiting Lhassa and spending some days with the head Llama. You may have read of the remarkable explorations of a Norwegian named Sigerson, but I am sure that it never occurred to you that you were receiving news of your friend.
###
Holmes: I then passed through Persia, looked in at Mecca, and paid a short but interesting visit to the Khalifa at Khartoum, the results of which I have communicated to the Foreign Office. Returning to France I spent some months in a research into the coal-tar derivatives, which I conducted in a laboratory at Montpelier, in the South of France. Having concluded this to my satisfaction, and learning that only one of my enemies was now left in London, I was about to return when my movements were hastened by the news of this very remarkable Park Lane Mystery, which not only appealed to me by its own merits, but which seemed to offer some most peculiar personal opportunities. I came over at once to London, called in my own person at Baker Street, threw Mrs. Hudson into violent hysterics, and found that Mycroft had preserved my rooms and my papers exactly as they had always been. So it was, my dear Watson, that at two o'clock to-day I found myself in my old arm-chair in my own old room, and only wishing that I could have seen my old friend Watson in the other chair which he has so often adorned.
Watson: Such was the remarkable narrative to which I listened on that April evening--a narrative which would have been utterly incredible to me had it not been confirmed by the actual sight of the tall, spare figure and the keen, eager face, which I had never thought to see again. In some manner he had learned of my own sad bereavement, and his sympathy was shown in his manner rather than in his words. "Work is the best antidote to sorrow, my dear Watson," said he, "and I have a piece of work for us both to-night which, if we can bring it to a successful conclusion, will in itself justify a man's life on this planet." In vain I begged him to tell me more. "You will hear and see enough before morning," he answered. "We have three years of the past to discuss. Let that suffice until half-past nine, when we start upon the notable adventure of the empty house."
###
Watson: Do you know where we are?
Holmes: Surely that is Baker Street.
Watson: But why are we here?
Holmes: Because it commands so excellent a view of that picturesque pile. Might I trouble you, my dear Watson, to draw a little nearer to the window, taking every precaution not to show yourself, and then to look up at our old rooms--the starting-point of so many of our little adventures? We will see if my three years of absence have entirely taken away my power to surprise you.
###
Watson: I crept forward and looked across at the familiar window. As my eyes fell upon it I gave a gasp and a cry of amazement. The blind was down and a strong light was burning in the room. The shadow of a man who was seated in a chair within was thrown in hard, black outline upon the luminous screen of the window. There was no mistaking the poise of the head, the squareness of the shoulders, the sharpness of the features. The face was turned half-round, and the effect was that of one of those black silhouettes which our grandparents loved to frame. It was a perfect reproduction of Holmes. So amazed was I that I threw out my hand to make sure that the man himself was standing beside me. He was quivering with silent laughter.
Holmes: Well? said he.
Watson: Good heavens! I cried. "It is marvellous."
Holmes: I trust that age doth not wither nor custom stale my infinite variety,' said he, and I recognised in his voice the joy and pride which the artist takes in his own creation. "It really is rather like me, is it not?"
Watson: I should be prepared to swear that it was you.
Holmes: The credit of the execution is due to Monsieur Oscar Meunier, of Grenoble, who spent some days in doing the moulding. It is a bust in wax. The rest I arranged myself during my visit to Baker Street this afternoon.
Watson: But why?
Holmes: Because, my dear Watson, I had the strongest possible reason for wishing certain people to think that I was there when I was really elsewhere.
Watson: And you thought the rooms were watched?
Holmes: I knew that they were watched.
Watson: By whom?
Holmes: By my old enemies, Watson. By the charming society whose leader lies in the Reichenbach Fall. You must remember that they knew, and only they knew, that I was still alive. Sooner or later they believed that I should come back to my rooms. They watched them continuously, and this morning they saw me arrive.
Watson: How do you know?
###
Holmes: How do you know?
Watson: Because I recognised their sentinel when I glanced out of my window. He is a harmless enough fellow, Parker by name, a garroter by trade, and a remarkable performer upon the Jew's harp. I cared nothing for him. But I cared a great deal for the much more formidable person who was behind him, the bosom friend of Moriarty, the man who dropped the rocks over the cliff, the most cunning and dangerous criminal in London. That is the man who is after me tonight, Watson, and that is the man who is quite unaware that we are after him.
Watson: My friend's plans were gradually revealing themselves. From this convenient retreat the watchers were being watched and the trackers tracked. That angular shadow up yonder was the bait and we were the hunters. In silence we stood together in the darkness and watched the hurrying figures who passed and repassed in front of us. Holmes was silent and motionless; but I could tell that he was keenly alert, and that his eyes were fixed intently upon the stream of passers-by. It was a bleak and boisterous night, and the wind whistled shrilly down the long street. Many people were moving to and fro, most of them muffled in their coats and cravats. Once or twice it seemed to me that I had seen the same figure before, and I especially noticed two men who appeared to be sheltering themselves from the wind in the doorway of a house some distance up the street. I tried to draw my companion's attention to them, but he gave a little ejaculation of impatience and continued to stare into the street. More than once he fidgeted with his feet and tapped rapidly with his fingers upon the wall. It was evident to me that he was becoming uneasy and that his plans were not working out altogether as he had hoped. At last, as midnight approached and the street gradually cleared, he paced up and down the room in uncontrollable agitation. I was about to make some remark to him when I raised my eyes to the lighted window and again experienced almost as great a surprise as before.
###
Watson: The shadow has moved! I cried.
Holmes: Of course it has moved. Am I such a farcical bungler, Watson, that I should erect an obvious dummy and expect that some of the sharpest men in Europe would be deceived by it? We have been in this room two hours, and Mrs. Hudson has made some change in that figure eight times, or once in every quarter of an hour. She works it from the front so that her shadow may never be seen. Ah!
Holmes: He drew in his breath with a shrill, excited intake. In the dim light I saw his head thrown forward, his whole attitude rigid with attention. Outside, the street was absolutely deserted. Those two men might still be crouching in the doorway, but I could no longer see them. All was still and dark, save only that brilliant yellow screen in front of us with the black figure outlined upon its centre. Again in the utter silence I heard that thin, sibilant note which spoke of intense suppressed excitement. An instant later he pulled me back into the blackest corner of the room, and I felt his warning hand upon my lips. The fingers which clutched me were quivering. Never had I known my friend more moved, and yet the dark street still stretched lonely and motionless before us.
###
Narrator: His face was gaunt and swarthy, scored with deep, savage lines.
Narrator: In his hand he carried what appeared to be a stick, but as he laid it down upon the floor it gave a metallic clang.
Narrator: Then from the pocket of his overcoat he drew a bulky object, and he busied himself in some task which ended with a loud, sharp click, as if a spring or bolt had fallen into its place.
Narrator: Still kneeling upon the floor he bent forward and threw all his weight and strength upon some lever, with the result that there came a long, whirling, grinding noise, ending once more in a powerful click.
Narrator: He straightened himself then, and I saw that what he held in his hand was a sort of gun, with a curiously misshapen butt. He opened it at the breech, put something in, and snapped the breech-block.
Narrator: Then, crouching down, he rested the end of the barrel upon the ledge of the open window, and I saw his long moustache droop over the stock and his eye gleam as it peered along the sights.
Narrator: I heard a little sigh of satisfaction as he cuddled the butt into his shoulder, and saw that amazing target, the black man on the yellow ground, standing clear at the end of his fore sight.
Narrator: For an instant he was rigid and motionless. Then his finger tightened on the trigger. There was a strange, loud whiz and a long, silvery tinkle of broken glass.
Narrator: At that instant Holmes sprang like a tiger on to the marksman's back and hurled him flat upon his face.
Narrator: He was up again in a moment, and with convulsive strength he seized Holmes by the throat; but I struck him on the head with the butt of my revolver and he dropped again upon the floor.
Narrator: I fell upon him, and as I held him my comrade blew a shrill call upon a whistle.
Narrator: There was the clatter of running feet upon the pavement, and two policemen in uniform, with one plain-clothes detective, rushed through the front entrance and into the room.
Holmes: That you, Lestrade?
Lestrade: Yes, Mr. Holmes. I took the job myself. It's good to see you back in London, sir.
###
Holmes: That you, Lestrade?
Lestrade: Yes, Mr. Holmes. I took the job myself. It's good to see you back in London, sir.
Holmes: I think you want a little unofficial help. Three undetected murders in one year won't do, Lestrade. But you handled the Molesey Mystery with less than your usual--that's to say, you handled it fairly well.
Holmes: Ah, Colonel! 'journeys end in lovers' meetings,' as the old play says. I don't think I have had the pleasure of seeing you since you favoured me with those attentions as I lay on the ledge above the Reichenbach Fall.
Colonel Sebastian Moran: You cunning, cunning fiend!
Holmes: I have not introduced you yet. This, gentlemen, is Colonel Sebastian Moran, once of Her Majesty's Indian Army, and the best heavy game shot that our Eastern Empire has ever produced. I believe I am correct, Colonel, in saying that your bag of tigers still remains unrivalled?
###
Holmes: I wonder that my very simple stratagem could deceive so old a shikari. It must be very familiar to you. Have you not tethered a young kid under a tree, lain above it with your rifle, and waited for the bait to bring up your tiger? This empty house is my tree and you are my tiger. You have possibly had other guns in reserve in case there should be several tigers, or in the unlikely supposition of your own aim failing you. These are my other guns. The parallel is exact.
Moran: I confess that you had one small surprise for me. I did not anticipate that you would yourself make use of this empty house and this convenient front window. I had imagined you as operating from the street, where my friend Lestrade and his merry men were awaiting you. With that exception all has gone as I expected.
Moran: You may or may not have just cause for arresting me, but at least there can be no reason why I should submit to the gibes of this person. If I am in the hands of the law let things be done in a legal way.
Lestrade: Well, that's reasonable enough. Nothing further you have to say, Mr. Holmes, before we go?
Holmes: An admirable and unique weapon, noiseless and of tremendous power. I knew Von Herder, the blind German mechanic, who constructed it to the order of the late Professor Moriarty. For years I have been aware of its existence, though I have never before had the opportunity of handling it. I commend it very specially to your attention, Lestrade, and also the bullets which fit it.
###
Lestrade: You can trust us to look after that, Mr. Holmes. Anything further to say?
Holmes: Only to ask what charge you intend to prefer?
Lestrade: What charge, sir? Why, of course, the attempted murder of Mr. Sherlock Holmes.
Holmes: Not so, Lestrade. I do not propose to appear in the matter at all. To you, and to you only, belongs the credit of the remarkable arrest which you have effected. Yes, Lestrade, I congratulate you! With your usual happy mixture of cunning and audacity you have got him.
Lestrade: Got him! Got whom, Mr. Holmes?
Holmes: The man that the whole force has been seeking in vain--Colonel Sebastian Moran, who shot the Honourable Ronald Adair with an expanding bullet from an air-gun through the open window of the second-floor front of No. 427, Park Lane, upon the 30th of last month. That's the charge, Lestrade. And now, Watson, if you can endure the draught from a broken window, I think that half an hour in my study over a cigar may afford you some profitable amusement.
###
Holmes: I hope you preserved all precautions, Mrs. Hudson?
Mrs. Hudson: I went to it on my knees, sir, just as you told me.
Holmes: Excellent. You carried the thing out very well. Did you observe where the bullet went?
Mrs. Hudson: Yes, sir. I'm afraid it has spoilt your beautiful bust, for it passed right through the head and flattened itself on the wall. I picked it up from the carpet. Here it is!
Holmes: A soft revolver bullet, as you perceive, Watson. There's genius in that, for who would expect to find such a thing fired from an air-gun. All right, Mrs. Hudson, I am much obliged for your assistance. And now, Watson, let me see you in your old seat once more, for there are several points which I should like to discuss with you.
Holmes: The old shikari's nerves have not lost their steadiness nor his eyes their keenness. Plumb in the middle of the back of the head and smack through the brain. He was the best shot in India, and I expect that there are few better in London. Have you heard the name?
Watson: No, I have not.
Holmes: Well, well, such is fame! But, then, if I remember aright, you had not heard the name of Professor James Moriarty, who had one of the great brains of the century. Just give me down my index of biographies from the shelf.
Holmes: My collection of M's is a fine one. Moriarty himself is enough to make any letter illustrious, and here is Morgan the poisoner, and Merridew of abominable memory, and Mathews, who knocked out my left canine in the waiting-room at Charing Cross, and, finally, here is our friend of to-night.
###
Watson: This is astonishing, The man's career is that of an honourable soldier.
Holmes: Up to a certain point he did well. He was always a man of iron nerve, and the story is still told in India how he crawled down a drain after a wounded man-eating tiger. There are some trees, Watson, which grow to a certain height and then suddenly develop some unsightly eccentricity. You will see it often in humans. I have a theory that the individual represents in his development the whole procession of his ancestors, and that such a sudden turn to good or evil stands for some strong influence which came into the line of his pedigree. The person becomes, as it were, the epitome of the history of his own family.
Watson: It is surely rather fanciful.
###
Holmes: It is surely rather fanciful.
Watson: Well, I don't insist upon it. Whatever the cause, Colonel Moran began to go wrong. Without any open scandal he still made India too hot to hold him. He retired, came to London, and again acquired an evil name. It was at this time that he was sought out by Professor Moriarty, to whom for a time he was chief of the staff. Moriarty supplied him liberally with money and used him only in one or two very high-class jobs which no ordinary criminal could have undertaken. You may have some recollection of the death of Mrs. Stewart, of Lauder, in 1887. Not? Well, I am sure Moran was at the bottom of it; but nothing could be proved. So cleverly was the Colonel concealed that even when the Moriarty gang was broken up we could not incriminate him. You remember at that date, when I called upon you in your rooms, how I put up the shutters for fear of air-guns? No doubt you thought me fanciful. I knew exactly what I was doing, for I knew of the existence of this remarkable gun, and I knew also that one of the best shots in the world would be behind it. When we were in Switzerland he followed us with Moriarty, and it was undoubtedly he who gave me that evil five minutes on the Reichenbach ledge.
###
Holmes: You may think that I read the papers with some attention during my sojourn in France, on the look-out for any chance of laying him by the heels. So long as he was free in London my life would really not have been worth living. Night and day the shadow would have been over me, and sooner or later his chance must have come. What could I do? I could not shoot him at sight, or I should myself be in the dock. There was no use appealing to a magistrate. They cannot interfere on the strength of what would appear to them to be a wild suspicion. So I could do nothing. But I watched the criminal news, knowing that sooner or later I should get him. Then came the death of this Ronald Adair. My chance had come at last! Knowing what I did, was it not certain that Colonel Moran had done it? He had played cards with the lad; he had followed him home from the club; he had shot him through the open window. There was not a doubt of it. The bullets alone are enough to put his head in a noose. I came over at once. I was seen by the sentinel, who would, I knew, direct the Colonel's attention to my presence. He could not fail to connect my sudden return with his crime and to be terribly alarmed. I was sure that he would make an attempt to get me out of the way at once, and would bring round his murderous weapon for that purpose. I left him an excellent mark in the window, and, having warned the police that they might be needed--by the way, Watson, you spotted their presence in that doorway with unerring accuracy--I took up what seemed to me to be a judicious post for observation, never dreaming that he would choose the same spot for his attack. Now, my dear Watson, does anything remain for me to explain?
Watson: Yes, You have not made it clear what was Colonel Moran's motive in murdering the Honourable Ronald Adair.
###
Watson: Yes, You have not made it clear what was Colonel Moran's motive in murdering the Honourable Ronald Adair.
Holmes: Ah! my dear Watson, there we come into those realms of conjecture where the most logical mind may be at fault. Each may form his own hypothesis upon the present evidence, and yours is as likely to be correct as mine.
Watson: You have formed one, then?
Holmes: I think that it is not difficult to explain the facts. It came out in evidence that Colonel Moran and young Adair had between them won a considerable amount of money. Now, Moran undoubtedly played foul--of that I have long been aware. I believe that on the day of the murder Adair had discovered that Moran was cheating. Very likely he had spoken to him privately, and had threatened to expose him unless he voluntarily resigned his membership of the club and promised not to play cards again. It is unlikely that a youngster like Adair would at once make a hideous scandal by exposing a well-known man so much older than himself. Probably he acted as I suggest. The exclusion from his clubs would mean ruin to Moran, who lived by his ill-gotten card gains. He therefore murdered Adair, who at the time was endeavouring to work out how much money he should himself return, since he could not profit by his partner's foul play. He locked the door lest the ladies should surprise him and insist upon knowing what he was doing with these names and coins. Will it pass?
Watson: I have no doubt that you have hit upon the truth.
Holmes: It will be verified or disproved at the trial. Meanwhile, come what may, Colonel Moran will trouble us no more, the famous air-gun of Von Herder will embellish the Scotland Yard Museum, and once again Mr. Sherlock Holmes is free to devote his life to examining those interesting little problems which the complex life of London so plentifully presents.
###
Holmes: From the point of view of the criminal expert, London has become a singularly uninteresting city since the death of the late lamented Professor Moriarty.
Watson: I can hardly think that you would find many decent citizens to agree with you.
Holmes: Well, well, I must not be selfish. The community is certainly the gainer, and no one the loser, save the poor out-of-work specialist, whose occupation has gone. With that man in the field one's morning paper presented infinite possibilities. Often it was only the smallest trace, Watson, the faintest indication, and yet it was enough to tell me that the great malignant brain was there, as the gentlest tremors of the edges of the web remind one of the foul spider which lurks in the centre. Petty thefts, wanton assaults, purposeless outrage--to the man who held the clue all could be worked into one connected whole. To the scientific student of the higher criminal world no capital in Europe offered the advantages which London then possessed. But now-- He shrugged his shoulders in humorous deprecation of the state of things which he had himself done so much to produce.
Watson: At the time of which I speak Holmes had been back for some months, and I, at his request, had sold my practice and returned to share the old quarters in Baker Street. A young doctor, named Verner, had purchased my small Kensington practice, and given with astonishingly little demur the highest price that I ventured to ask--an incident which only explained itself some years later when I found that Verner was a distant relation of Holmes's, and that it was my friend who had really found the money.
###
Watson: Our months of partnership had not been so uneventful as he had stated, for I find, on looking over my notes, that this period includes the case of the papers of Ex-President Murillo, and also the shocking affair of the Dutch steamship Friesland, which so nearly cost us both our lives. His cold and proud nature was always averse, however, to anything in the shape of public applause, and he bound me in the most stringent terms to say no further word of himself, his methods, or his successes--a prohibition which, as I have explained, has only now been removed.
Holmes: I'm sorry, Mr. Holmes, You mustn't blame me. I am nearly mad. Mr. Holmes, I am the unhappy John Hector McFarlane.
###
Holmes: Have a cigarette, Mr. McFarlane. I am sure that with your symptoms my friend Dr. Watson here would prescribe a sedative. The weather has been so very warm these last few days. Now, if you feel a little more composed, I should be glad if you would sit down in that chair and tell us very slowly and quietly who you are and what it is that you want. You mentioned your name as if I should recognise it, but I assure you that, beyond the obvious facts that you are a bachelor, a solicitor, a Freemason, and an asthmatic, I know nothing whatever about you.
Watson: Yes, I am all that, Mr. Holmes, and in addition I am the most unfortunate man at this moment in London. For Heaven's sake don't abandon me, Mr. Holmes! If they come to arrest me before I have finished my story, make them give me time so that I may tell you the whole truth. I could go to jail happy if I knew that you were working for me outside.
Holmes: Arrest you! This is really most grati--most interesting. On what charge do you expect to be arrested?
Watson: Upon the charge of murdering Mr. Jonas Oldacre, of Lower Norwood.
Watson: Dear me, it was only this moment at breakfast that I was saying to my friend, Dr. Watson, that sensational cases had disappeared out of our papers.
###
Visitor: If you had looked at it, sir, you would have seen at a glance what the errand is on which I have come to you this morning. I feel as if my name and my misfortune must be in every man's mouth. Here it is, and with your permission I will read it to you. Listen to this, Mr. Holmes. The head-lines are: 'Mysterious Affair at Lower Norwood. Disappearance of a Well-known Builder. Suspicion of Murder and Arson. A Clue to the Criminal.' That is the clue which they are already following, Mr. Holmes, and I know that it leads infallibly to me. I have been followed from London Bridge Station, and I am sure that they are only waiting for the warrant to arrest me. It will break my mother's heart--it will break her heart! He wrung his hands in an agony of apprehension, and swayed backwards and forwards in his chair.
Holmes: We must use what time we have, Watson, would you have the kindness to take the paper and to read me the paragraph in question?
###
Holmes: We must use what time we have. Watson, would you have the kindness to take the paper and to read me the paragraph in question?
Watson: Late last night, or early this morning, an incident occurred at Lower Norwood which points, it is feared, to a serious crime. Mr. Jonas Oldacre is a well-known resident of that suburb, where he has carried on his business as a builder for many years. Mr. Oldacre is a bachelor, fifty-two years of age, and lives in Deep Dene House, at the Sydenham end of the road of that name. He has had the reputation of being a man of eccentric habits, secretive and retiring. For some years he has practically withdrawn from the business, in which he is said to have amassed considerable wealth. A small timber-yard still exists, however, at the back of the house, and last night, about twelve o'clock, an alarm was given that one of the stacks was on fire. The engines were soon upon the spot, but the dry wood burned with great fury, and it was impossible to arrest the conflagration until the stack had been entirely consumed. Up to this point the incident bore the appearance of an ordinary accident, but fresh indications seem to point to serious crime. Surprise was expressed at the absence of the master of the establishment from the scene of the fire, and an inquiry followed, which showed that he had disappeared from the house.
###
Holmes: The case has certainly some points of interest. May I ask, in the first place, Mr. McFarlane, how it is that you are still at liberty, since there appears to be enough evidence to justify your arrest?
McFarlane: I live at Torrington Lodge, Blackheath, with my parents, Mr. Holmes; but last night, having to do business very late with Mr. Jonas Oldacre, I stayed at an hotel in Norwood, and came to my business from there. I knew nothing of this affair until I was in the train, when I read what you have just heard. I at once saw the horrible danger of my position, and I hurried to put the case into your hands. I have no doubt that I should have been arrested either at my City office or at my home. A man followed me from London Bridge Station, and I have no doubt--Great Heaven, what is that?
Lestrade: Mr. John Hector McFarlane?
McFarlane: I arrest you for the wilful murder of Mr. Jonas Oldacre, of Lower Norwood.
Holmes: One moment, Lestrade. Half an hour more or less can make no difference to you, and the gentleman was about to give us an account of this very interesting affair, which might aid us in clearing it up.
Lestrade: I think there will be no difficulty in clearing it up.
Holmes: None the less, with your permission, I should be much interested to hear his account.
###
Lestrade: I think there will be no difficulty in clearing it up.
Holmes: None the less, with your permission, I should be much interested to hear his account.
Lestrade: Well, Mr. Holmes, it is difficult for me to refuse you anything, for you have been of use to the force once or twice in the past, and we owe you a good turn at Scotland Yard. At the same time I must remain with my prisoner, and I am bound to warn him that anything he may say will appear in evidence against him.
Client: I wish nothing better. All I ask is that you should hear and recognise the absolute truth.
Lestrade: I'll give you half an hour.
McFarlane: I must explain first that I knew nothing of Mr. Jonas Oldacre. His name was familiar to me, for many years ago my parents were acquainted with him, but they drifted apart. I was very much surprised, therefore, when yesterday, about three o'clock in the afternoon, he walked into my office in the City. But I was still more astonished when he told me the object of his visit. He had in his hand several sheets of a note-book, covered with scribbled writing--here they are--and he laid them on my table. 'Here is my will,' said he. 'I want you, Mr. McFarlane, to cast it into proper legal shape. I will sit here while you do so.'
###
McFarlane: You can imagine, Mr. Holmes, that I was not in a humour to refuse him anything that he might ask. He was my benefactor, and all my desire was to carry out his wishes in every particular. I sent a telegram home, therefore, to say that I had important business on hand, and that it was impossible for me to say how late I might be. Mr. Oldacre had told me that he would like me to have supper with him at nine, as he might not be home before that hour. I had some difficulty in finding his house, however, and it was nearly half-past before I reached it. I found him--
Holmes: One moment! Who opened the door?
McFarlane: A middle-aged woman, who was, I suppose, his housekeeper.
Holmes: And it was she, I presume, who mentioned your name?
McFarlane: Exactly.
Holmes: Pray proceed.
McFarlane: I was shown by this woman into a sitting-room, where a frugal supper was laid out. Afterwards Mr. Jonas Oldacre led me into his bedroom, in which there stood a heavy safe. This he opened and took out a mass of documents, which we went over together. It was between eleven and twelve when we finished. He remarked that we must not disturb the housekeeper. He showed me out through his own French window, which had been open all this time.
Holmes: Was the blind down?
McFarlane: I will not be sure, but I believe that it was only half down. Yes, I remember how he pulled it up in order to swing open the window. I could not find my stick, and he said, 'Never mind, my boy; I shall see a good deal of you now, I hope, and I will keep your stick until you come back to claim it.' I left him there, the safe open, and the papers made up in packets upon the table. It was so late that I could not get back to Blackheath, so I spent the night at the Anerley Arms, and I knew nothing more until I read of this horrible affair in the morning.
Lestrade: Anything more that you would like to ask, Mr. Holmes?
###
Lestrade: Anything more that you would like to ask, Mr. Holmes?
Holmes: Not until I have been to Blackheath.
Lestrade: You mean to Norwood.
Holmes: Oh, yes; no doubt that is what I must have meant.
Lestrade: I think I should like to have a word with you presently, Mr. Sherlock Holmes. Now, Mr. McFarlane, two of my constables are at the door and there is a four-wheeler waiting.
Holmes: There are some points about that document, Lestrade, are there not?
Lestrade: I can read the first few lines, and these in the middle of the second page, and one or two at the end. Those are as clear as print, but the writing in between is very bad, and there are three places where I cannot read it at all.
Holmes: What do you make of that?
Holmes: That it was written in a train; the good writing represents stations, the bad writing movement, and the very bad writing passing over points. A scientific expert would pronounce at once that this was drawn up on a suburban line, since nowhere save in the immediate vicinity of a great city could there be so quick a succession of points. Granting that his whole journey was occupied in drawing up the will, then the train was an express, only stopping once between Norwood and London Bridge.
###
Lestrade: You are too many for me when you begin to get on your theories, Mr. Holmes. How does this bear on the case?
Holmes: Well, it corroborates the young man's story to the extent that the will was drawn up by Jonas Oldacre in his journey yesterday. It is curious--is it not?--that a man should draw up so important a document in so haphazard a fashion. It suggests that he did not think it was going to be of much practical importance. If a man drew up a will which he did not intend ever to be effective he might do it so.
Lestrade: Well, he drew up his own death-warrant at the same time.
Holmes: Oh, you think so?
Lestrade: Don't you?
Holmes: Well, it is quite possible; but the case is not clear to me yet.
Lestrade: Not clear? Well, if that isn't clear, what could be clear? Here is a young man who learns suddenly that if a certain older man dies he will succeed to a fortune. What does he do? He says nothing to anyone, but he arranges that he shall go out on some pretext to see his client that night; he waits until the only other person in the house is in bed, and then in the solitude of a man's room he murders him, burns his body in the wood-pile, and departs to a neighbouring hotel. The blood-stains in the room and also on the stick are very slight. It is probable that he imagined his crime to be a bloodless one, and hoped that if the body were consumed it would hide all traces of the method of his death--traces which for some reason must have pointed to him. Is all this not obvious?
###
Holmes: It strikes me, my good Lestrade, as being just a trifle too obvious. You do not add imagination to your other great qualities; but if you could for one moment put yourself in the place of this young man, would you choose the very night after the will had been made to commit your crime? Would it not seem dangerous to you to make so very close a relation between the two incidents? Again, would you choose an occasion when you are known to be in the house, when a servant has let you in? And, finally, would you take the great pains to conceal the body and yet leave your own stick as a sign that you were the criminal? Confess, Lestrade, that all this is very unlikely.
Lestrade: As to the stick, Mr. Holmes, you know as well as I do that a criminal is often flurried and does things which a cool man would avoid. He was very likely afraid to go back to the room. Give me another theory that would fit the facts.
Holmes: I could very easily give you half-a-dozen. Here, for example, is a very possible and even probable one. I make you a free present of it. The older man is showing documents which are of evident value. A passing tramp sees them through the window, the blind of which is only half down. Exit the solicitor. Enter the tramp! He seizes a stick, which he observes there, kills Oldacre, and departs after burning the body.
Lestrade: Why should the tramp burn the body?
Holmes: For the matter of that why should McFarlane?
Lestrade: To hide some evidence.
Holmes: Possibly the tramp wanted to hide that any murder at all had been committed.
Lestrade: And why did the tramp take nothing?
Holmes: Because they were papers that he could not negotiate.
Lestrade: *shook his head, though it seemed to me that his manner was less absolutely assured than before.
###
Watson: And why did the tramp take nothing?
Holmes: Because they were papers that he could not negotiate.
Lestrade: Well, Mr. Sherlock Holmes, you may look for your tramp, and while you are finding him we will hold on to our man. The future will show which is right. Just notice this point, Mr. Holmes: that so far as we know none of the papers were removed, and that the prisoner is the one man in the world who had no reason for removing them, since he was heir-at-law and would come into them in any case.
Holmes: I don't mean to deny that the evidence is in some ways very strongly in favour of your theory, I only wish to point out that there are other theories possible. As you say, the future will decide. Good morning! I dare say that in the course of the day I shall drop in at Norwood and see how you are getting on.
Watson: My first movement, Watson, must, as I said, be in the direction of Blackheath.
Watson: And why not Norwood?
###
Holmes: My first movement, Watson, must, as I said, be in the direction of Blackheath.
Watson: And why not Norwood?
Holmes: Because we have in this case one singular incident coming close to the heels of another singular incident. The police are making the mistake of concentrating their attention upon the second, because it happens to be the one which is actually criminal. But it is evident to me that the logical way to approach the case is to begin by trying to throw some light upon the first incident--the curious will, so suddenly made, and to so unexpected an heir. It may do something to simplify what followed. No, my dear fellow, I don't think you can help me. There is no prospect of danger, or I should not dream of stirring out without you. I trust that when I see you in the evening I will be able to report that I have been able to do something for this unfortunate youngster who has thrown himself upon my protection.
Holmes: It's all going wrong, Watson--all as wrong as it can go. I kept a bold face before Lestrade, but, upon my soul, I believe that for once the fellow is on the right track and we are on the wrong. All my instincts are one way and all the facts are the other, and I much fear that British juries have not yet attained that pitch of intelligence when they will give the preference to my theories over Lestrade's facts.
Watson: Did you go to Blackheath?
###
Watson: Did you go to Blackheath?
Holmes: Yes, Watson, I went there, and I found very quickly that the late lamented Oldacre was a pretty considerable black-guard. The father was away in search of his son. The mother was at home--a little, fluffy, blue-eyed person, in a tremor of fear and indignation. Of course, she would not admit even the possibility of his guilt. But she would not express either surprise or regret over the fate of Oldacre. On the contrary, she spoke of him with such bitterness that she was unconsciously considerably strengthening the case of the police, for, of course, if her son had heard her speak of the man in this fashion it would predispose him towards hatred and violence. 'He was more like a malignant and cunning ape than a human being,' said she, 'and he always was, ever since he was a young man.' 'You knew him at that time?' said I. 'Yes, I knew him well; in fact, he was an old suitor of mine. Thank Heaven that I had the sense to turn away from him and to marry a better, if a poorer, man. I was engaged to him, Mr. Holmes, when I heard a shocking story of how he had turned a cat loose in an aviary, and I was so horrified at his brutal cruelty that I would have nothing more to do with him.' She rummaged in a bureau, and presently she produced a photograph of a woman, shamefully defaced and mutilated with a knife. 'That is my own photograph,' she said. 'He sent it to me in that state, with his curse, upon my wedding morning.' 'Well,' said I, 'at least he has forgiven you now, since he has left all his property to your son.' 'Neither my son nor I want anything from Jonas Oldacre, dead or alive,' she cried, with a proper spirit. 'There is a God in Heaven, Mr. Holmes, and that same God who has punished that wicked man will show in His own good time that my son's hands are guiltless of his blood.' Well, I tried one or two leads, but could get at nothing which would help our hypothesis, and several points which would make against it. I gave it up at last and off I went to Norwood.
###
Holmes: So, my dear Watson, there's my report of a failure. And yet--and yet--I know it's all wrong. I feel it in my bones. There is something that has not come out, and that housekeeper knows it. There was a sort of sulky defiance in her eyes, which only goes with guilty knowledge. However, there's no good talking any more about it, Watson; but unless some lucky chance comes our way I fear that the Norwood Disappearance Case will not figure in that chronicle of our successes which I foresee that a patient public will sooner or later have to endure.
Watson: Surely, the man's appearance would go far with any jury?
Holmes: That is a dangerous argument, my dear Watson. You remember that terrible murderer, Bert Stevens, who wanted us to get him off in '87? Was there ever a more mild-mannered, Sunday-school young man? Unless we succeed in establishing an alternative theory this man is lost. You can hardly find a flaw in the case which can now be presented against him, and all further investigation has served to strengthen it. By the way, there is one curious little point about those papers which may serve us as the starting-point for an inquiry. On looking over the bank-book I found that the low state of the balance was principally due to large cheques which have been made out during the last year to Mr. Cornelius. I confess that I should be interested to know who this Mr. Cornelius may be with whom a retired builder has such very large transactions. Is it possible that he has had a hand in the affair? Cornelius might be a broker, but we have found no scrip to correspond with these large payments. Failing any other indication my researches must now take the direction of an inquiry at the bank for the gentleman who has cashed these cheques. But I fear, my dear fellow, that our case will end ingloriously by Lestrade hanging our client, which will certainly be a triumph for Scotland Yard.
###
Watson: What do you think of this, Watson?
Holmes: This sounds serious.
Holmes: It is Lestrade's little cock-a-doodle of victory. And yet it may be premature to abandon the case. After all, important fresh evidence is a two-edged thing, and may possibly cut in a very different direction to that which Lestrade imagines. Take your breakfast, Watson, and we will go out together and see what we can do. I feel as if I shall need your company and your moral support today.
Watson: Well, Mr. Holmes, have you proved us to be wrong yet? Have you found your tramp?
Holmes: I have formed no conclusion whatever. But we formed ours yesterday, and now it proves to be correct; so you must acknowledge that we have been a little in front of you this time, Mr. Holmes.
###
Watson: I have formed no conclusion whatever.
Lestrade: But we formed ours yesterday, and now it proves to be correct; so you must acknowledge that we have been a little in front of you this time, Mr. Holmes.
Holmes: You certainly have the air of something unusual having occurred.
Lestrade: You don't like being beaten any more than the rest of us do. A man can't expect always to have it his own way, can he, Dr. Watson? Step this way, if you please, gentlemen, and I think I can convince you once for all that it was John McFarlane who did this crime.
Lestrade: This is where young McFarlane must have come out to get his hat after the crime was done. Now, look at this. Look at that with your magnifying glass, Mr. Holmes.
Holmes: Yes, I am doing so. You are aware that no two thumb marks are alike?
Lestrade: Well, then, will you please compare that print with this wax impression of young McFarlane's right thumb, taken by my orders this morning?
Holmes: It is final.
Watson: That is final.
Holmes: It is final.
###
Holmes: Dear me! Dear me! Well, now, who would have thought it? And how deceptive appearances may be, to be sure! Such a nice young man to look at! It is a lesson to us not to trust our own judgment, is it not, Lestrade?
Lestrade: Yes, some of us are a little too much inclined to be cocksure, Mr. Holmes.
Holmes: What a providential thing that this young man should press his right thumb against the wall in taking his hat from the peg! Such a very natural action, too, if you come to think of it. By the way, Lestrade, who made this remarkable discovery?
Lestrade: It was the housekeeper, Mrs. Lexington, who drew the night constable's attention to it.
Holmes: Where was the night constable?
Lestrade: He remained on guard in the bedroom where the crime was committed, so as to see that nothing was touched.
Holmes: But why didn't the police see this mark yesterday?
Lestrade: Well, we had no particular reason to make a careful examination of the hall. Besides, it's not in a very prominent place, as you see.
Holmes: No, no, of course not. I suppose there is no doubt that the mark was there yesterday?
Lestrade: I don't know whether you think that McFarlane came out of jail in the dead of the night in order to strengthen the evidence against himself. I leave it to any expert in the world whether that is not the mark of his thumb.
Holmes: It is unquestionably the mark of his thumb.
Lestrade: There, that's enough. I am a practical man, Mr. Holmes, and when I have got my evidence I come to my conclusions. If you have anything to say you will find me writing my report in the sitting-room.
Holmes: Holmes had recovered his equanimity, though I still seemed to detect gleams of amusement in his expression.
###
Holmes: Dear me, this is a very sad development, Watson, is it not? And yet there are singular points about it which hold out some hopes for our client.
Watson: I am delighted to hear it, I was afraid it was all up with him.
Holmes: I would hardly go so far as to say that, my dear Watson. The fact is that there is one really serious flaw in this evidence to which our friend attaches so much importance.
Watson: Indeed, Holmes! What is it?
Holmes: Only this: that I know that that mark was not there when I examined the hall yesterday. And now, Watson, let us have a little stroll round in the sunshine.
Watson: With a confused brain, but with a heart into which some warmth of hope was returning, I accompanied my friend in a walk round the garden. Holmes took each face of the house in turn and examined it with great interest. He then led the way inside and went over the whole building from basement to attics. Most of the rooms were unfurnished, but none the less Holmes inspected them all minutely. Finally, on the top corridor, which ran outside three untenanted bedrooms, he again was seized with a spasm of merriment.
Holmes: There are really some very unique features about this case, Watson. I think it is time now that we took our friend Lestrade into our confidence. He has had his little smile at our expense, and perhaps we may do as much by him if my reading of this problem proves to be correct. Yes, yes; I think I see how we should approach it.
Holmes: I understood that you were writing a report of this case.
Lestrade: So I am.
Holmes: Don't you think it may be a little premature? I can't help thinking that your evidence is not complete.
Lestrade: What do you mean, Mr. Holmes?
###
Holmes: Don't you think it may be a little premature? I can't help thinking that your evidence is not complete.
Lestrade: What do you mean, Mr. Holmes?
Holmes: Only that there is an important witness whom you have not seen.
Lestrade: Can you produce him?
Holmes: I think I can.
Lestrade: Then do so.
Holmes: I will do my best. How many constables have you?
Lestrade: There are three within call.
Holmes: Excellent! May I ask if they are all large, able-bodied men with powerful voices?
Lestrade: I have no doubt they are, though I fail to see what their voices have to do with it.
Holmes: Perhaps I can help you to see that and one or two other things as well. Kindly summon your men, and I will try.
Holmes: In the outhouse you will find a considerable quantity of straw. I will ask you to carry in two bundles of it. I think it will be of the greatest assistance in producing the witness whom I require. Thank you very much. I believe you have some matches in your pocket, Watson. Now, Mr. Lestrade, I will ask you all to accompany me to the top landing.
Holmes: Would you kindly send one of your constables for two buckets of water? Put the straw on the floor here, free from the wall on either side. Now I think that we are all ready.
Lestrade: I don't know whether you are playing a game with us, Mr. Sherlock Holmes. If you know anything, you can surely say it without all this tomfoolery.
###
Lestrade: I don't know whether you are playing a game with us, Mr. Sherlock Holmes. If you know anything, you can surely say it without all this tomfoolery.
Holmes: I assure you, my good Lestrade, that I have an excellent reason for everything that I do. You may possibly remember that you chaffed me a little some hours ago, when the sun seemed on your side of the hedge, so you must not grudge me a little pomp and ceremony now. Might I ask you, Watson, to open that window, and then to put a match to the edge of the straw?
Watson: Now we must see if we can find this witness for you, Lestrade. Might I ask you all to join in the cry of 'Fire!'? Now, then; one, two, three-- Fire!
All: Fire!
Holmes: Thank you. I will trouble you once again. Fire!
All: Fire!
Holmes: Just once more, gentlemen, and all together. Fire! The shout must have rung over Norwood.
Holmes: Capital! Watson, a bucket of water over the straw. That will do! Lestrade, allow me to present you with your principal missing witness, Mr. Jonas Oldacre.
Lestrade: What's this, then? What have you been doing all this time, eh?
Oldacre: I have done no harm.
###
Lestrade: What's this, then? What have you been doing all this time, eh?
Oldacre: I have done no harm.
Lestrade: No harm? You have done your best to get an innocent man hanged. If it wasn't for this gentleman here, I am not sure that you would not have succeeded.
Oldacre: I am sure, sir, it was only my practical joke.
Lestrade: Oh! a joke, was it? You won't find the laugh on your side, I promise you. Take him down and keep him in the sitting-room until I come. Mr. Holmes, I could not speak before the constables, but I don't mind saying, in the presence of Dr. Watson, that this is the brightest thing that you have done yet, though it is a mystery to me how you did it. You have saved an innocent man's life, and you have prevented a very grave scandal, which would have ruined my reputation in the Force.
Holmes: Instead of being ruined, my good sir, you will find that your reputation has been enormously enhanced. Just make a few alterations in that report which you were writing, and they will understand how hard it is to throw dust in the eyes of Inspector Lestrade.
Holmes: And you don't want your name to appear?
Holmes: Not at all. The work is its own reward. Perhaps I shall get the credit also at some distant day when I permit my zealous historian to lay out his foolscap once more--eh, Watson? Well, now, let us see where this rat has been lurking.
###
Holmes: There's the advantage of being a builder. He was able to fix up his own little hiding-place without any confederate--save, of course, that precious housekeeper of his, whom I should lose no time in adding to your bag, Lestrade.
Lestrade: I'll take your advice. But how did you know of this place, Mr. Holmes?
Holmes: I made up my mind that the fellow was in hiding in the house. When I paced one corridor and found it six feet shorter than the corresponding one below, it was pretty clear where he was. I thought he had not the nerve to lie quiet before an alarm of fire. We could, of course, have gone in and taken him, but it amused me to make him reveal himself; besides, I owed you a little mystification, Lestrade, for your chaff in the morning.
Lestrade: Well, sir, you certainly got equal with me on that. But how in the world did you know that he was in the house at all?
Holmes: The thumb-mark, Lestrade. You said it was final; and so it was, in a very different sense. I knew it had not been there the day before. I pay a good deal of attention to matters of detail, as you may have observed, and I had examined the hall and was sure that the wall was clear. Therefore, it had been put on during the night.
Lestrade: But how?
###
Holmes: Very simply. When those packets were sealed up, Jonas Oldacre got McFarlane to secure one of the seals by putting his thumb upon the soft wax. It would be done so quickly and so naturally that I dare say the young man himself has no recollection of it. Very likely it just so happened, and Oldacre had himself no notion of the use he would put it to. Brooding over the case in that den of his, it suddenly struck him what absolutely damning evidence he could make against McFarlane by using that thumb-mark. It was the simplest thing in the world for him to take a wax impression from the seal, to moisten it in as much blood as he could get from a pin-prick, and to put the mark upon the wall during the night, either with his own hand or with that of his housekeeper. If you examine among those documents which he took with him into his retreat I will lay you a wager that you find the seal with the thumb-mark upon it.
Lestrade: Wonderful! Wonderful! It's all as clear as crystal, as you put it. But what is the object of this deep deception, Mr. Holmes?
Holmes: It was amusing to me to see how the detective's overbearing manner had changed suddenly to that of a child asking questions of its teacher.
###
Watson: Well, I don't think that is very hard to explain. A very deep, malicious, vindictive person is the gentleman who is now awaiting us downstairs. You know that he was once refused by McFarlane's mother? You don't! I told you that you should go to Blackheath first and Norwood afterwards. Well, this injury, as he would consider it, has rankled in his wicked, scheming brain, and all his life he has longed for vengeance, but never seen his chance. During the last year or two things have gone against him--secret speculation, I think--and he finds himself in a bad way. He determines to swindle his creditors, and for this purpose he pays large cheques to a certain Mr. Cornelius, who is, I imagine, himself under another name. I have not traced these cheques yet, but I have no doubt that they were banked under that name at some provincial town where Oldacre from time to time led a double existence. He intended to change his name altogether, draw this money, and vanish, starting life again elsewhere.
Holmes: Well, that's likely enough.
###
Holmes: Well, that's likely enough.
Holmes: It would strike him that in disappearing he might throw all pursuit off his track, and at the same time have an ample and crushing revenge upon his old sweetheart, if he could give the impression that he had been murdered by her only child. It was a masterpiece of villainy, and he carried it out like a master. The idea of the will, which would give an obvious motive for the crime, the secret visit unknown to his own parents, the retention of the stick, the blood, and the animal remains and buttons in the wood-pile, all were admirable. It was a net from which it seemed to me a few hours ago that there was no possible escape. But he had not that supreme gift of the artist, the knowledge of when to stop. He wished to improve that which was already perfect--to draw the rope tighter yet round the neck of his unfortunate victim--and so he ruined all. Let us descend, Lestrade. There are just one or two questions that I would ask him.
Lestrade: It was a joke, my good sir, a practical joke, nothing more. I assure you, sir, that I simply concealed myself in order to see the effect of my disappearance, and I am sure that you would not be so unjust as to imagine that I would have allowed any harm to befall poor young Mr. McFarlane.
Lestrade: That's for a jury to decide. Anyhow, we shall have you on a charge of conspiracy, if not for attempted murder.
Holmes: And you'll probably find that your creditors will impound the banking account of Mr. Cornelius.
Holmes: I have to thank you for a good deal. Perhaps I'll pay my debt some day.
Holmes: Holmes smiled indulgently.
###
Unknown: I have to thank you for a good deal. Perhaps I'll pay my debt some day.
Holmes: I fancy that for some few years you will find your time very fully occupied. By the way, what was it you put into the wood-pile besides your old trousers? A dead dog, or rabbits, or what? You won't tell? Dear me, how very unkind of you! Well, well, I dare say that a couple of rabbits would account both for the blood and for the charred ashes. If ever you write an account, Watson, you can make rabbits serve your turn.
Holmes: So, Watson, you do not propose to invest in South African securities?
Watson: How on earth do you know that?
Holmes: Now, Watson, confess yourself utterly taken aback.
Watson: I am.
Holmes: I ought to make you sign a paper to that effect.
Watson: Why?
Holmes: Because in five minutes you will say that it is all so absurdly simple.
Watson: I am sure that I shall say nothing of the kind.
###
Holmes: Now, Watson, confess yourself utterly taken aback.
Watson: I am.
Holmes: I ought to make you sign a paper to that effect.
Watson: Why?
Holmes: Because in five minutes you will say that it is all so absurdly simple.
Watson: I am sure that I shall say nothing of the kind.
Holmes: You see, my dear Watson, it is not really difficult to construct a series of inferences, each dependent upon its predecessor and each simple in itself. If, after doing so, one simply knocks out all the central inferences and presents one's audience with the starting-point and the conclusion, one may produce a startling, though possibly a meretricious, effect. Now, it was not really difficult, by an inspection of the groove between your left forefinger and thumb, to feel sure that you did not propose to invest your small capital in the goldfields.
Watson: I see no connection.
Holmes: Very likely not; but I can quickly show you a close connection. Here are the missing links of the very simple chain: 1. You had chalk between your left finger and thumb when you returned from the club last night. 2. You put chalk there when you play billiards to steady the cue. 3. You never play billiards except with Thurston. 4. You told me four weeks ago that Thurston had an option on some South African property which would expire in a month, and which he desired you to share with him. 5. Your cheque-book is locked in my drawer, and you have not asked for the key. 6. You do not propose to invest your money in this manner.
Watson: How absurdly simple!
Holmes: Quite so! Every problem becomes very childish when once it is explained to you. Here is an unexplained one. See what you can make of that, friend Watson.
Watson: Why, Holmes, it is a child's drawing.
Holmes: Oh, that's your idea!
###
Watson: Why, Holmes, it is a child's drawing.
Holmes: That's your idea!
Watson: What else should it be?
Holmes: That is what Mr. Hilton Cubitt, of Ridling Thorpe Manor, Norfolk, is very anxious to know. This little conundrum came by the first post, and he was to follow by the next train. There's a ring at the bell, Watson. I should not be very much surprised if this were he.
Mr. Hilton Cubitt: Well, Mr. Holmes, what do you make of these? They told me that you were fond of queer mysteries, and I don't think you can find a queerer one than that. I sent the paper on ahead so that you might have time to study it before I came.
Holmes: It is certainly rather a curious production. At first sight it would appear to be some childish prank. It consists of a number of absurd little figures dancing across the paper upon which they are drawn. Why should you attribute any importance to so grotesque an object?
Mr. Hilton Cubitt: I never should, Mr. Holmes. But my wife does. It is frightening her to death. She says nothing, but I can see terror in her eyes. That's why I want to sift the matter to the bottom.
###
Holmes: This promises to be a most interesting and unusual case. You gave me a few particulars in your letter, Mr. Hilton Cubitt, but I should be very much obliged if you would kindly go over it all again for the benefit of my friend, Dr. Watson.
Hilton Cubitt: I'm not much of a story-teller. You'll just ask me anything that I don't make clear. I'll begin at the time of my marriage last year; but I want to say first of all that, though I'm not a rich man, my people have been at Ridling Thorpe for a matter of five centuries, and there is no better known family in the County of Norfolk. Last year I came up to London for the Jubilee, and I stopped at a boarding-house in Russell Square, because Parker, the vicar of our parish, was staying in it. There was an American young lady there--Patrick was the name--Elsie Patrick. In some way we became friends, until before my month was up I was as much in love as a man could be. We were quietly married at a registry office, and we returned to Norfolk a wedded couple. You'll think it very mad, Mr. Holmes, that a man of a good old family should marry a wife in this fashion, knowing nothing of her past or of her people; but if you saw her and knew her it would help you to understand.
###
Cubitt: Well, now I come to the queer part of my story. About a week ago--it was the Tuesday of last week--I found on one of the window-sills a number of absurd little dancing figures, like these upon the paper. They were scrawled with chalk. I thought that it was the stable-boy who had drawn them, but the lad swore he knew nothing about it. Anyhow, they had come there during the night. I had them washed out, and I only mentioned the matter to my wife afterwards. To my surprise she took it very seriously, and begged me if any more came to let her see them. None did come for a week, and then yesterday morning I found this paper lying on the sun-dial in the garden. I showed it to Elsie, and down she dropped in a dead faint. Since then she has looked like a woman in a dream, half dazed, and with terror always lurking in her eyes. It was then that I wrote and sent the paper to you, Mr. Holmes. It was not a thing that I could take to the police, for they would have laughed at me, but you will tell me what to do. I am not a rich man; but if there is any danger threatening my little woman I would spend my last copper to shield her.
Holmes: Don't you think, Mr. Cubitt, that your best plan would be to make a direct appeal to your wife, and to ask her to share her secret with you?
Cubitt: A promise is a promise, Mr. Holmes. If Elsie wished to tell me she would. If not, it is not for me to force her confidence. But I am justified in taking my own line--and I will.
Holmes: Then I will help you with all my heart. In the first place, have you heard of any strangers being seen in your neighbourhood?
Cubitt: No.
###
Holmes: Then I will help you with all my heart. In the first place, have you heard of any strangers being seen in your neighbourhood?
Cubitt: No.
Holmes: I presume that it is a very quiet place. Any fresh face would cause comment?
Cubitt: In the immediate neighbourhood, yes. But we have several small watering-places not very far away. And the farmers take in lodgers.
Holmes: These hieroglyphics have evidently a meaning. If it is a purely arbitrary one it may be impossible for us to solve it. If, on the other hand, it is systematic, I have no doubt that we shall get to the bottom of it. But this particular sample is so short that I can do nothing, and the facts which you have brought me are so indefinite that we have no basis for an investigation. I would suggest that you return to Norfolk, that you keep a keen look-out, and that you take an exact copy of any fresh dancing men which may appear. It is a thousand pities that we have not a reproduction of those which were done in chalk upon the window-sill. Make a discreet inquiry also as to any strangers in the neighbourhood. When you have collected some fresh evidence come to me again. That is the best advice which I can give you, Mr. Hilton Cubitt. If there are any pressing fresh developments I shall be always ready to run down and see you in your Norfolk home.
Watson: The interview left Sherlock Holmes very thoughtful, and several times in the next few days I saw him take his slip of paper from his note-book and look long and earnestly at the curious figures inscribed upon it. He made no allusion to the affair, however, until one afternoon a fortnight or so later. I was going out when he called me back.
Watson: You had better stay here, Watson.
Watson: Why?
Holmes: Because I had a wire from Hilton Cubitt this morning--you remember Hilton Cubitt, of the dancing men? He was to reach Liverpool Street at one-twenty. He may be here at any moment. I gather from his wire that there have been some new incidents of importance.
###
Squire: It's getting on my nerves, this business, Mr. Holmes. It's bad enough to feel that you are surrounded by unseen, unknown folk, who have some kind of design upon you; but when, in addition to that, you know that it is just killing your wife by inches, then it becomes as much as flesh and blood can endure. She's wearing away under it--just wearing away before my eyes.
Holmes: Has she said anything yet?
Squire: No, Mr. Holmes, she has not. And yet there have been times when the poor girl has wanted to speak, and yet could not quite bring herself to take the plunge. I have tried to help her; but I dare say I did it clumsily, and scared her off from it. She has spoken about my old family, and our reputation in the county, and our pride in our unsullied honour, and I always felt it was leading to the point; but somehow it turned off before we got there.
Holmes: But you have found out something for yourself?
Squire: A good deal, Mr. Holmes. I have several fresh dancing men pictures for you to examine, and, what is more important, I have seen the fellow.
Holmes: What, the man who draws them?
Squire: Yes, I saw him at his work. But I will tell you everything in order. When I got back after my visit to you, the very first thing I saw next morning was a fresh crop of dancing men. They had been drawn in chalk upon the black wooden door of the tool-house, which stands beside the lawn in full view of the front windows. I took an exact copy, and here it is. Here is a copy of the hieroglyphics:-- [ Picture: Picture of a few dancing men ] Excellent! said Holmes. Excellent! Pray continue. When I had taken the copy I rubbed out the marks; but two mornings later a fresh inscription had appeared. I have a copy of it here:--
###
Holmes: Excellent! Excellent! Pray continue.
Unknown: When I had taken the copy I rubbed out the marks; but two mornings later a fresh inscription had appeared. I have a copy of it here.
Holmes: Our material is rapidly accumulating.
Unknown: Three days later a message was left scrawled upon paper, and placed under a pebble upon the sun-dial. Here it is. The characters are, as you see, exactly the same as the last one. After that I determined to lie in wait; so I got out my revolver and I sat up in my study, which overlooks the lawn and garden. About two in the morning I was seated by the window, all being dark save for the moonlight outside, when I heard steps behind me, and there was my wife in her dressing-gown. She implored me to come to bed. I told her frankly that I wished to see who it was who played such absurd tricks upon us. She answered that it was some senseless practical joke, and that I should not take any notice of it. If it really annoys you, Hilton, we might go and travel, you and I, and so avoid this nuisance. What, be driven out of our own house by a practical joker? Why, we should have the whole county laughing at us. Well, come to bed, and we can discuss it in the morning.
###
Watson: What, be driven out of our own house by a practical joker? Why, we should have the whole county laughing at us.
Watson: Well, come to bed, and we can discuss it in the morning.
Watson: Have you that fresh drawing?
Hilton Cubitt: Yes, it is very short, but I made a copy of it, and here it is.
Holmes: Tell me, was this a mere addition to the first, or did it appear to be entirely separate?
Holmes: Excellent! This is far the most important of all for our purpose. It fills me with hopes. Now, Mr. Hilton Cubitt, please continue your most interesting statement.
###
Holmes: It was on a different panel of the door.
Watson: Excellent! This is far the most important of all for our purpose. It fills me with hopes. Now, Mr. Hilton Cubitt, please continue your most interesting statement.
Cubitt: I have nothing more to say, Mr. Holmes, except that I was angry with my wife that night for having held me back when I might have caught the skulking rascal. She said that she feared that I might come to harm. For an instant it had crossed my mind that perhaps what she really feared was that he might come to harm, for I could not doubt that she knew who this man was and what he meant by these strange signals. But there is a tone in my wife's voice, Mr. Holmes, and a look in her eyes which forbid doubt, and I am sure that it was indeed my own safety that was in her mind. There's the whole case, and now I want your advice as to what I ought to do. My own inclination is to put half-a-dozen of my farm lads in the shrubbery, and when this fellow comes again to give him such a hiding that he will leave us in peace for the future.
Holmes: I fear it is too deep a case for such simple remedies. How long can you stay in London?
Cubitt: I must go back to-day. I would not leave my wife alone all night for anything. She is very nervous and begged me to come back.
Holmes: I dare say you are right. But if you could have stopped I might possibly have been able to return with you in a day or two. Meanwhile you will leave me these papers, and I think that it is very likely that I shall be able to pay you a visit shortly and to throw some light upon your case.
###
Watson: Sherlock Holmes preserved his calm professional manner until our visitor had left us, although it was easy for me, who knew him so well, to see that he was profoundly excited.
Watson: The moment that Hilton Cubitt's broad back had disappeared through the door my comrade rushed to the table, laid out all the slips of paper containing dancing men in front of him, and threw himself into an intricate and elaborate calculation.
Watson: For two hours I watched him as he covered sheet after sheet of paper with figures and letters, so completely absorbed in his task that he had evidently forgotten my presence. Sometimes he was making progress and whistled and sang at his work; sometimes he was puzzled, and would sit for long spells with a furrowed brow and a vacant eye.
Watson: Finally he sprang from his chair with a cry of satisfaction, and walked up and down the room rubbing his hands together. Then he wrote a long telegram upon a cable form.
Holmes: If my answer to this is as I hope, you will have a very pretty case to add to your collection, Watson. I expect that we shall be able to go down to Norfolk tomorrow, and to take our friend some very definite news as to the secret of his annoyance.
Watson: I confess that I was filled with curiosity, but I was aware that Holmes liked to make his disclosures at his own time and in his own way; so I waited until it should suit him to take me into his confidence.
Watson: But there was a delay in that answering telegram, and two days of impatience followed, during which Holmes pricked up his ears at every ring of the bell. On the evening of the second there came a letter from Hilton Cubitt. All was quiet with him, save that a long inscription had appeared that morning upon the pedestal of the sun-dial. He inclosed a copy of it.
Holmes: Holmes bent over this grotesque frieze for some minutes, and then suddenly sprang to his feet with an exclamation of surprise and dismay. His face was haggard with anxiety.
###
Holmes: We have let this affair go far enough. Is there a train to North Walsham tonight?
Watson: Then we shall breakfast early and take the very first in the morning. Our presence is most urgently needed. Ah! here is our expected cablegram. One moment, Mrs. Hudson; there may be an answer. No, that is quite as I expected. This message makes it even more essential that we should not lose an hour in letting Hilton Cubitt know how matters stand, for it is a singular and a dangerous web in which our simple Norfolk squire is entangled.
Watson: We had hardly alighted at North Walsham, and mentioned the name of our destination, when the station-master hurried towards us. I suppose that you are the detectives from London?
Holmes: What makes you think such a thing?
Station-master: Because Inspector Martin from Norwich has just passed through. But maybe you are the surgeons. She's not dead--or wasn't by last accounts. You may be in time to save her yet--though it be for the gallows.
Holmes: We are going to Ridling Thorpe Manor, but we have heard nothing of what has passed there.
###
Holmes: We are going to Ridling Thorpe Manor, but we have heard nothing of what has passed there.
Station-master: It's a terrible business. They are shot, both Mr. Hilton Cubitt and his wife. She shot him and then herself--so the servants say. He's dead and her life is despaired of. Dear, dear, one of the oldest families in the County of Norfolk, and one of the most honoured.
Holmes: (No dialogue)
Watson: (No dialogue)
Driver: That's Ridling Thorpe Manor.
Inspector Martin: Why, Mr. Holmes, the crime was only committed at three this morning. How could you hear of it in London and get to the spot as soon as I?
###
Holmes: I anticipated it. I came in the hope of preventing it.
Inspector: Then you must have important evidence of which we are ignorant, for they were said to be a most united couple.
Holmes: I have only the evidence of the dancing men. I will explain the matter to you later. Meanwhile, since it is too late to prevent this tragedy, I am very anxious that I should use the knowledge which I possess in order to ensure that justice be done. Will you associate me in your investigation, or will you prefer that I should act independently?
Inspector: I should be proud to feel that we were acting together, Mr. Holmes.
Holmes: In that case I should be glad to hear the evidence and to examine the premises without an instant of unnecessary delay.
Holmes: Has he been moved?
Doctor: We have moved nothing except the lady. We could not leave her lying wounded upon the floor.
Holmes: How long have you been here, doctor?
Doctor: Since four o'clock.
###
Holmes: Has he been moved?
Doctor: We have moved nothing except the lady. We could not leave her lying wounded upon the floor.
Holmes: How long have you been here, doctor?
Doctor: Since four o'clock.
Holmes: Anyone else?
Doctor: Yes, the constable here.
Holmes: And you have touched nothing?
Doctor: Nothing.
Holmes: You have acted with great discretion. Who sent for you?
Doctor: The housemaid, Saunders.
Holmes: Was it she who gave the alarm?
Doctor: She and Mrs. King, the cook.
Holmes: Where are they now?
Doctor: In the kitchen, I believe.
Holmes: Then I think we had better hear their story at once.
###
Servants: The two women told their story clearly enough. They had been aroused from their sleep by the sound of an explosion, which had been followed a minute later by a second one. They slept in adjoining rooms, and Mrs. King had rushed in to Saunders. Together they had descended the stairs. The door of the study was open and a candle was burning upon the table. Their master lay upon his face in the centre of the room. He was quite dead. Near the window his wife was crouching, her head leaning against the wall. She was horribly wounded, and the side of her face was red with blood. She breathed heavily, but was incapable of saying anything. The passage, as well as the room, was full of smoke and the smell of powder. The window was certainly shut and fastened upon the inside. Both women were positive upon the point. They had at once sent for the doctor and for the constable. Then, with the aid of the groom and the stable-boy, they had conveyed their injured mistress to her room. Both she and her husband had occupied the bed. She was clad in her dress--he in his dressing-gown, over his night clothes. Nothing had been moved in the study. So far as they knew there had never been any quarrel between husband and wife. They had always looked upon them as a very united couple.
Inspector Martin: In answer to Inspector Martin they were clear that every door was fastened upon the inside, and that no one could have escaped from the house.
Holmes: I commend that fact very carefully to your attention. And now I think that we are in a position to undertake a thorough examination of the room.
###
Holmes: The absence of the latter means nothing, though its presence may mean everything. Unless the powder from a badly-fitting cartridge happens to spurt backwards, one may fire many shots without leaving a sign. I would suggest that Mr. Cubitt's body may now be removed. I suppose, doctor, you have not recovered the bullet which wounded the lady?
Doctor: A serious operation will be necessary before that can be done. But there are still four cartridges in the revolver. Two have been fired and two wounds inflicted, so that each bullet can be accounted for.
Holmes: So it would seem. Perhaps you can account also for the bullet which has so obviously struck the edge of the window?
Inspector: How ever did you see that?
Holmes: Because I looked for it.
Doctor: You are certainly right, sir. Then a third shot has been fired, and therefore a third person must have been present. But who could that have been and how could he have got away?
###
Holmes: Because I looked for it.
Doctor: Wonderful! You are certainly right, sir. Then a third shot has been fired, and therefore a third person must have been present. But who could that have been and how could he have got away?
Holmes: That is the problem which we are now about to solve. You remember, Inspector Martin, when the servants said that on leaving their room they were at once conscious of a smell of powder I remarked that the point was an extremely important one?
Inspector: Yes, sir; but I confess I did not quite follow you.
Holmes: It suggested that at the time of the firing the window as well as the door of the room had been open. Otherwise the fumes of powder could not have been blown so rapidly through the house. A draught in the room was necessary for that. Both door and window were only open for a very short time, however.
Inspector: How do you prove that?
Holmes: Because the candle has not guttered.
Inspector: Capital! Capital!
Holmes: Feeling sure that the window had been open at the time of the tragedy I conceived that there might have been a third person in the affair, who stood outside this opening and fired through it. Any shot directed at this person might hit the sash. I looked, and there, sure enough, was the bullet mark!
Inspector: But how came the window to be shut and fastened?
Holmes: The woman's first instinct would be to shut and fasten the window. But, halloa! what is this? It was a lady's hand-bag which stood upon the study table--a trim little hand-bag of crocodile-skin and silver. Holmes opened it and turned the contents out. There were twenty fifty-pound notes of the Bank of England, held together by an india-rubber band--nothing else.
###
Holmes: This must be preserved, for it will figure in the trial. It is now necessary that we should try to throw some light upon this third bullet, which has clearly, from the splintering of the wood, been fired from inside the room. I should like to see Mrs. King, the cook, again. You said, Mrs. King, that you were awakened by a loud explosion. When you said that, did you mean that it seemed to you to be louder than the second one?
Mrs. King: Well, sir, it wakened me from my sleep, and so it is hard to judge. But it did seem very loud.
Holmes: You don't think that it might have been two shots fired almost at the same instant?
Mrs. King: I am sure I couldn't say, sir.
Holmes: I believe that it was undoubtedly so. I rather think, Inspector Martin, that we have now exhausted all that this room can teach us. If you will kindly step round with me, we shall see what fresh evidence the garden has to offer.
Holmes: I thought so, the revolver had an ejector, and here is the third cartridge. I really think, Inspector Martin, that our case is almost complete.
Inspector Martin: Whom do you suspect?
###
Holmes: Whom do you suspect?
Watson: I'll go into that later. There are several points in this problem which I have not been able to explain to you yet. Now that I have got so far I had best proceed on my own lines, and then clear the whole matter up once and for all.
Holmes: Just as you wish, Mr. Holmes, so long as we get our man.
Holmes: I have no desire to make mysteries, but it is impossible at the moment of action to enter into long and complex explanations. I have the threads of this affair all in my hand. Even if this lady should never recover consciousness we can still reconstruct the events of last night and ensure that justice be done. First of all I wish to know whether there is any inn in this neighbourhood known as 'Elrige's'?
Servants: None of them had heard of such a place. The stable-boy threw a light upon the matter by remembering that a farmer of that name lived some miles off in the direction of East Ruston.
Holmes: Is it a lonely farm?
Servants: Very lonely, sir.
Holmes: Perhaps they have not heard yet of all that happened here during the night?
Servants: Maybe not, sir.
Holmes: Saddle a horse, my lad. I shall wish you to take a note to Elrige's Farm.
Holmes: He took from his pocket the various slips of the dancing men. With these in front of him he worked for some time at the study-table. Finally he handed a note to the boy, with directions to put it into the hands of the person to whom it was addressed, and especially to answer no questions of any sort which might be put to him. I saw the outside of the note, addressed in straggling, irregular characters, very unlike Holmes's usual precise hand. It was consigned to Mr. Abe Slaney, Elrige's Farm, East Ruston, Norfolk.
###
Holmes: I think, inspector, that you would do well to telegraph for an escort, as, if my calculations prove to be correct, you may have a particularly dangerous prisoner to convey to the county jail. The boy who takes this note could no doubt forward your telegram. If there is an afternoon train to town, Watson, I think we should do well to take it, as I have a chemical analysis of some interest to finish, and this investigation draws rapidly to a close.
Holmes: If any visitor were to call asking for Mrs. Hilton Cubitt no information should be given as to her condition, but he was to be shown at once into the drawing-room. He impressed these points upon them with the utmost earnestness. Finally he led the way into the drawing-room with the remark that the business was now out of our hands, and that we must while away the time as best we might until we could see what was in store for us. The doctor had departed to his patients, and only the inspector and myself remained.
###
Holmes: I think that I can help you to pass an hour in an interesting and profitable manner. As to you, friend Watson, I owe you every atonement for having allowed your natural curiosity to remain so long unsatisfied. To you, inspector, the whole incident may appeal as a remarkable professional study. I must tell you first of all the interesting circumstances connected with the previous consultations which Mr. Hilton Cubitt has had with me in Baker Street. I have here in front of me these singular productions, at which one might smile had they not proved themselves to be the fore-runners of so terrible a tragedy. I am fairly familiar with all forms of secret writings, and am myself the author of a trifling monograph upon the subject, in which I analyze one hundred and sixty separate ciphers; but I confess that this is entirely new to me. The object of those who invented the system has apparently been to conceal that these characters convey a message, and to give the idea that they are the mere random sketches of children. Having once recognised, however, that the symbols stood for letters, and having applied the rules which guide us in all forms of secret writings, the solution was easy enough. The first message submitted to me was so short that it was impossible for me to do more than to say with some confidence that the symbol.
###
Holmes: Even now I was in considerable difficulty, but a happy thought put me in possession of several other letters. It occurred to me that if these appeals came, as I expected, from someone who had been intimate with the lady in her early life, a combination which contained two E's with three letters between might very well stand for the name 'ELSIE.' On examination I found that such a combination formed the termination of the message which was three times repeated. It was certainly some appeal to 'Elsie.' In this way I had got my L, S, and I. But what appeal could it be? There were only four letters in the word which preceded 'Elsie,' and it ended in E. Surely the word must be 'COME.' I tried all other four letters ending in E, but could find none to fit the case. So now I was in possession of C, O, and M, and I was in a position to attack the first message once more, dividing it into words and putting dots for each symbol which was still unknown. So treated it worked out in this fashion: .M .ERE ..E SL.NE. Now the first letter can only be A, which is a most useful discovery, since it occurs no fewer than three times in this short sentence, and the H is also apparent in the second word. Now it becomes:-- AM HERE A.E SLANE. Or, filling in the obvious vacancies in the name:-- AM HERE ABE SLANEY. I had so many letters now that I could proceed with considerable confidence to the second message, which worked out in this fashion:-- A. ELRI.ES. Here I could only make sense by putting T and G for the missing letters, and supposing that the name was that of some house or inn at which the writer was staying.
Inspector Martin: What did you do then, sir?
###
Holmes: What did you do then, sir?
Holmes: I had every reason to suppose that this Abe Slaney was an American, since Abe is an American contraction, and since a letter from America had been the starting-point of all the trouble. I had also every cause to think that there was some criminal secret in the matter. The lady's allusions to her past and her refusal to take her husband into her confidence both pointed in that direction. I therefore cabled to my friend, Wilson Hargreave, of the New York Police Bureau, who has more than once made use of my knowledge of London crime. I asked him whether the name of Abe Slaney was known to him. Here is his reply: 'The most dangerous crook in Chicago.' On the very evening upon which I had his answer Hilton Cubitt sent me the last message from Slaney. Working with known letters it took this form:-- ELSIE .RE.ARE TO MEET THY GO. The addition of a P and a D completed a message which showed me that the rascal was proceeding from persuasion to threats, and my knowledge of the crooks of Chicago prepared me to find that he might very rapidly put his words into action. I at once came to Norfolk with my friend and colleague, Dr. Watson, but, unhappily, only in time to find that the worst had already occurred.
Inspector Martin: It is a privilege to be associated with you in the handling of a case. You will excuse me, however, if I speak frankly to you. You are only answerable to yourself, but I have to answer to my superiors. If this Abe Slaney, living at Elrige's, is indeed the murderer, and if he has made his escape while I am seated here, I should certainly get into serious trouble.
Holmes: You need not be uneasy. He will not try to escape.
Inspector Martin: How do you know?
Holmes: To fly would be a confession of guilt.
Inspector Martin: Then let us go to arrest him.
###
Holmes: You need not be uneasy. He will not try to escape.
Watson: How do you know?
Holmes: To fly would be a confession of guilt.
Watson: Then let us go to arrest him.
Holmes: I expect him here every instant.
Watson: But why should he come?
Holmes: Because I have written and asked him.
Watson: But this is incredible, Mr. Holmes! Why should he come because you have asked him? Would not such a request rather rouse his suspicions and cause him to fly?
Holmes: I think I have known how to frame the letter. In fact, if I am not very much mistaken, here is the gentleman himself coming up the drive.
Holmes: I think, gentlemen, that we had best take up our position behind the door. Every precaution is necessary when dealing with such a fellow. You will need your handcuffs, inspector. You can leave the talking to me.
Holmes: Well, gentlemen, you have the drop on me this time. I seem to have knocked up against something hard. But I came here in answer to a letter from Mrs. Hilton Cubitt. Don't tell me that she is in this? Don't tell me that she helped to set a trap for me?
Holmes: Mrs. Hilton Cubitt was seriously injured and is at death's door.
Man: hoarse cry of grief which rang through the house.
###
Narrator: Mrs. Hilton Cubitt was seriously injured and is at death's door.
Man: You're crazy! It was he that was hurt, not she. Who would have hurt little Elsie? I may have threatened her, God forgive me, but I would not have touched a hair of her pretty head. Take it back--you! Say that she is not hurt!
Narrator: She was found badly wounded by the side of her dead husband.
Man: I have nothing to hide from you, gentlemen. If I shot the man he had his shot at me, and there's no murder in that. But if you think I could have hurt that woman, then you don't know either me or her. I tell you there was never a man in this world loved a woman more than I loved her. I had a right to her. She was pledged to me years ago. Who was this Englishman that he should come between us? I tell you that I had the first right to her, and that I was only claiming my own.
Holmes: She broke away from your influence when she found the man that you are. She fled from America to avoid you, and she married an honourable gentleman in England. You dogged her and followed her and made her life a misery to her in order to induce her to abandon the husband whom she loved and respected in order to fly with you, whom she feared and hated. You have ended by bringing about the death of a noble man and driving his wife to suicide. That is your record in this business, Mr. Abe Slaney, and you will answer for it to the law.
###
American: If Elsie dies I care nothing what becomes of me, said the American.
American: See here, mister, he cried, with a gleam of suspicion in his eyes, "you're not trying to scare me over this, are you? If the lady is hurt as bad as you say, who was it that wrote this note?" He tossed it forwards on to the table.
Holmes: I wrote it to bring you here.
American: You wrote it? There was no one on earth outside the Joint who knew the secret of the dancing men. How came you to write it?
Holmes: What one man can invent another can discover, said Holmes. "There is a cab coming to convey you to Norwich, Mr. Slaney. But, meanwhile, you have time to make some small reparation for the injury you have wrought. Are you aware that Mrs. Hilton Cubitt has herself lain under grave suspicion of the murder of her husband, and that it was only my presence here and the knowledge which I happened to possess which has saved her from the accusation? The least that you owe her is to make it clear to the whole world that she was in no way, directly or indirectly, responsible for his tragic end."
American: I ask nothing better, said the American. "I guess the very best case I can make for myself is the absolute naked truth."
Inspector: It is my duty to warn you that it will be used against you, cried the inspector, with the magnificent fair-play of the British criminal law.
Slaney: Slaney shrugged his shoulders.
###
American: Well, I have been here a month now. I lived in that farm, where I had a room down below, and could get in and out every night, and no one the wiser. I tried all I could to coax Elsie away. I knew that she read the messages, for once she wrote an answer under one of them. Then my temper got the better of me, and I began to threaten her. She sent me a letter then, imploring me to go away and saying that it would break her heart if any scandal should come upon her husband. She said that she would come down when her husband was asleep at three in the morning, and speak with me through the end window, if I would go away afterwards and leave her in peace. She came down and brought money with her, trying to bribe me to go. This made me mad, and I caught her arm and tried to pull her through the window. At that moment in rushed the husband with his revolver in his hand. Elsie had sunk down upon the floor, and we were face to face. I was heeled also, and I held up my gun to scare him off and let me get away. He fired and missed me. I pulled off almost at the same instant, and down he dropped. I made away across the garden, and as I went I heard the window shut behind me. That's God's truth, gentlemen, every word of it, and I heard no more about it until that lad came riding up with a note which made me walk in here, like a jay, and give myself into your hands.
Inspector Martin: It is time for us to go.
American: Can I see her first?
Inspector Martin: No, she is not conscious. Mr. Sherlock Holmes, I only hope that if ever again I have an important case I shall have the good fortune to have you by my side.
Holmes: See if you can read it, Watson.
###
Holmes: See if you can read it, Watson.
Holmes: If you use the code which I have explained, you will find that it simply means 'Come here at once.' I was convinced that it was an invitation which he would not refuse, since he could never imagine that it could come from anyone but the lady. And so, my dear Watson, we have ended by turning the dancing men to good when they have so often been the agents of evil, and I think that I have fulfilled my promise of giving you something unusual for your note-book. Three-forty is our train, and I fancy we should be back in Baker Street for dinner.
Narrator: Only one word of epilogue. The American, Abe Slaney, was condemned to death at the winter assizes at Norwich; but his penalty was changed to penal servitude in consideration of mitigating circumstances, and the certainty that Hilton Cubitt had fired the first shot. Of Mrs. Hilton Cubitt I only know that I have heard she recovered entirely, and that she still remains a widow, devoting her whole life to the care of the poor and to the administration of her husband's estate.
###
Watson: On referring to my note-book for the year 1895 I find that it was upon Saturday, the 23rd of April, that we first heard of Miss Violet Smith.
Watson: Her visit was, I remember, extremely unwelcome to Holmes, for he was immersed at the moment in a very abstruse and complicated problem concerning the peculiar persecution to which John Vincent Harden, the well-known tobacco millionaire, had been subjected.
Watson: My friend, who loved above all things precision and concentration of thought, resented anything which distracted his attention from the matter in hand.
Watson: And yet without a harshness which was foreign to his nature it was impossible to refuse to listen to the story of the young and beautiful woman, tall, graceful, and queenly, who presented herself at Baker Street late in the evening and implored his assistance and advice.
Holmes: At least it cannot be your health, so ardent a bicyclist must be full of energy.
Miss Violet Smith: Yes, I bicycle a good deal, Mr. Holmes, and that has something to do with my visit to you to-day.
Holmes: My friend took the lady's ungloved hand and examined it with as close an attention and as little sentiment as a scientist would show to a specimen.
###
Holmes: Yes, I bicycle a good deal, Mr. Holmes, and that has something to do with my visit to you today.
Holmes: You will excuse me, I am sure. It is my business. I nearly fell into the error of supposing that you were typewriting. Of course, it is obvious that it is music. You observe the spatulate finger-end, Watson, which is common to both professions? There is a spirituality about the face, however, which the typewriter does not generate. This lady is a musician.
Lady: Yes, Mr. Holmes, I teach music.
Holmes: In the country, I presume, from your complexion.
Lady: Yes, sir; near Farnham, on the borders of Surrey.
Holmes: A beautiful neighbourhood and full of the most interesting associations. You remember, Watson, that it was near there that we took Archie Stamford, the forger. Now, Miss Violet, what has happened to you near Farnham, on the borders of Surrey?
###
Young Lady: My father is dead, Mr. Holmes. He was James Smith, who conducted the orchestra at the old Imperial Theatre. My mother and I were left without a relation in the world except one uncle, Ralph Smith, who went to Africa twenty-five years ago, and we have never had a word from him since. When father died we were left very poor, but one day we were told that there was an advertisement in the Times inquiring for our whereabouts. You can imagine how excited we were, for we thought that someone had left us a fortune. We went at once to the lawyer whose name was given in the paper. There we met two gentlemen, Mr. Carruthers and Mr. Woodley, who were home on a visit from South Africa. They said that my uncle was a friend of theirs, that he died some months before in great poverty in Johannesburg, and that he had asked them with his last breath to hunt up his relations and see that they were in no want. It seemed strange to us that Uncle Ralph, who took no notice of us when he was alive, should be so careful to look after us when he was dead; but Mr. Carruthers explained that the reason was that my uncle had just heard of the death of his brother, and so felt responsible for our fate.
Holmes: Excuse me, when was this interview?
Young Lady: Last December-four months ago.
Holmes: Pray proceed.
Young Lady: Mr. Woodley seemed to me to be a most odious person. He was forever making eyes at me--a coarse, puffy-faced, red-moustached young man, with his hair plastered down on each side of his forehead. I thought that he was perfectly hateful--and I was sure that Cyril would not wish me to know such a person.
Holmes: Oh, Cyril is his name!
Young Lady: The young lady blushed and laughed.
###
Holmes: Oh, Cyril is his name!
Holmes: Yes, Mr. Holmes; Cyril Morton, an electrical engineer, and we hope to be married at the end of the summer. Dear me, how did I get talking about him? What I wished to say was that Mr. Woodley was perfectly odious, but that Mr. Carruthers, who was a much older man, was more agreeable. He was a dark, sallow, clean-shaven, silent person; but he had polite manners and a pleasant smile. He inquired how we were left, and on finding that we were very poor he suggested that I should come and teach music to his only daughter, aged ten. I said that I did not like to leave my mother, on which he suggested that I should go home to her every week-end, and he offered me a hundred a year, which was certainly splendid pay. So it ended by my accepting, and I went down to Chiltern Grange, about six miles from Farnham. Mr. Carruthers was a widower, but he had engaged a lady-housekeeper, a very respectable, elderly person, called Mrs. Dixon, to look after his establishment. The child was a dear, and everything promised well. Mr. Carruthers was very kind and very musical, and we had most pleasant evenings together. Every week-end I went home to my mother in town.
###
Watson: The horse and trap were to have come this week, but for some reason they were not delivered, and again I had to cycle to the station. That was this morning. You can think that I looked out when I came to Charlington Heath, and there, sure enough, was the man, exactly as he had been the two weeks before. He always kept so far from me that I could not clearly see his face, but it was certainly someone whom I did not know. He was dressed in a dark suit with a cloth cap. The only thing about his face that I could clearly see was his dark beard. To-day I was not alarmed, but I was filled with curiosity, and I determined to find out who he was and what he wanted. I slowed down my machine, but he slowed down his. Then I stopped altogether, but he stopped also. Then I laid a trap for him. There is a sharp turning of the road, and I pedalled very quickly round this, and then I stopped and waited. I expected him to shoot round and pass me before he could stop. But he never appeared. Then I went back and looked round the corner. I could see a mile of road, but he was not on it. To make it the more extraordinary, there was no side road at this point down which he could have gone.
Holmes: This case certainly presents some features of its own. How much time elapsed between your turning the corner and your discovery that the road was clear?
Watson: Two or three minutes.
Holmes: Then he could not have retreated down the road, and you say that there are no side roads?
Watson: None.
Holmes: Then he certainly took a footpath on one side or the other.
Watson: It could not have been on the side of the heath or I should have seen him.
Holmes: So by the process of exclusion we arrive at the fact that he made his way towards Charlington Hall, which, as I understand, is situated in its own grounds on one side of the road. Anything else?
Watson: Nothing, Mr. Holmes, save that I was so perplexed that I felt I should not be happy until I had seen you and had your advice.
Holmes: *Holmes sat in silence for some little time.*
###
Holmes: Nothing, Mr. Holmes, save that I was so perplexed that I felt I should not be happy until I had seen you and had your advice.
Holmes: Where is the gentleman to whom you are engaged?
Miss Smith: He is in the Midland Electrical Company, at Coventry.
Holmes: He would not pay you a surprise visit?
Miss Smith: Oh, Mr. Holmes! As if I should not know him!
Holmes: Have you had any other admirers?
Miss Smith: Several before I knew Cyril.
Holmes: And since?
Miss Smith: There was this dreadful man, Woodley, if you can call him an admirer.
Holmes: No one else?
Miss Smith: Who was he?
Holmes: Oh, it may be a mere fancy of mine; but it has seemed to me sometimes that my employer, Mr. Carruthers, takes a great deal of interest in me. We are thrown rather together. I play his accompaniments in the evening. He has never said anything. He is a perfect gentleman. But a girl always knows.
Holmes: What does he do for a living?
Miss Smith: He is a rich man.
Holmes: No carriages or horses?
Miss Smith: Well, at least he is fairly well-to-do. But he goes into the City two or three times a week. He is deeply interested in South African gold shares.
Holmes: You will let me know any fresh development, Miss Smith. I am very busy just now, but I will find time to make some inquiries into your case. In the meantime take no step without letting me know. Good-bye, and I trust that we shall have nothing but good news from you.
Holmes: It is part of the settled order of Nature that such a girl should have followers, but for choice not on bicycles in lonely country roads. Some secretive lover, beyond all doubt. But there are curious and suggestive details about the case, Watson.
Watson: That he should appear only at that point?
###
Holmes: That he should appear only at that point?
Watson: Exactly. Our first effort must be to find who are the tenants of Charlington Hall. Then, again, how about the connection between Carruthers and Woodley, since they appear to be men of such a different type? How came they both to be so keen upon looking up Ralph Smith's relations? One more point. What sort of a menage is it which pays double the market price for a governess, but does not keep a horse although six miles from the station? Odd, Watson--very odd!
Watson: You will go down?
Holmes: No, my dear fellow, you will go down. This may be some trifling intrigue, and I cannot break my other important research for the sake of it. On Monday you will arrive early at Farnham; you will conceal yourself near Charlington Heath; you will observe these facts for yourself, and act as your own judgment advises. Then, having inquired as to the occupants of the Hall, you will come back to me and report. And now, Watson, not another word of the matter until we have a few solid stepping-stones on which we may hope to get across to our solution.
###
Holmes: Your hiding-place, my dear Watson, was very faulty. You should have been behind the hedge; then you would have had a close view of this interesting person. As it is you were some hundreds of yards away, and can tell me even less than Miss Smith. She thinks she does not know the man; I am convinced she does. Why, otherwise, should he be so desperately anxious that she should not get so near him as to see his features? You describe him as bending over the handle-bar. Concealment again, you see. You really have done remarkably badly. He returns to the house and you want to find out who he is. You come to a London house-agent!
Watson: What should I have done? Gone to the nearest public-house. That is the centre of country gossip. They would have told you every name, from the master to the scullery-maid. Williamson! It conveys nothing to my mind. If he is an elderly man he is not this active cyclist who sprints away from that athletic young lady's pursuit. What have we gained by your expedition? The knowledge that the girl's story is true. I never doubted it. That there is a connection between the cyclist and the Hall. I never doubted that either. That the Hall is tenanted by Williamson. Who's the better for that? Well, well, my dear sir, don't look so depressed. We can do little more until next Saturday, and in the meantime I may make one or two inquiries myself.
Watson: I am sure that you will respect my confidence, Mr. Holmes, when I tell you that my place here has become difficult owing to the fact that my employer has proposed marriage to me. I am convinced that his feelings are most deep and most honourable. At the same time my promise is, of course, given. He took my refusal very seriously, but also very gently. You can understand, however, that the situation is a little strained.
###
Holmes: Our young friend seems to be getting into deep waters. The case certainly presents more features of interest and more possibility of development than I had originally thought. I should be none the worse for a quiet, peaceful day in the country, and I am inclined to run down this afternoon and test one or two theories which I have formed.
Holmes: I get so little active exercise that it is always a treat. You are aware that I have some proficiency in the good old British sport of boxing. Occasionally it is of service. To-day, for example, I should have come to very ignominious grief without it.
###
Watson: I begged him to tell me what had occurred.
Holmes: I found that country pub which I had already recommended to your notice, and there I made my discreet inquiries. I was in the bar, and a garrulous landlord was giving me all that I wanted. Williamson is a white-bearded man, and he lives alone with a small staff of servants at the Hall. There is some rumour that he is or has been a clergyman; but one or two incidents of his short residence at the Hall struck me as peculiarly unecclesiastical. I have already made some inquiries at a clerical agency, and they tell me that there was a man of that name in orders whose career has been a singularly dark one. The landlord further informed me that there are usually week-end visitors--'a warm lot, sir'--at the Hall, and especially one gentleman with a red moustache, Mr. Woodley by name, who was always there. We had got as far as this when who should walk in but the gentleman himself, who had been drinking his beer in the tap-room and had heard the whole conversation. Who was I? What did I want? What did I mean by asking questions? He had a fine flow of language, and his adjectives were very vigorous. He ended a string of abuse by a vicious back-hander which I failed to entirely avoid. The next few minutes were delicious. It was a straight left against a slogging ruffian. I emerged as you see me. Mr. Woodley went home in a cart. So ended my country trip, and it must be confessed that, however enjoyable, my day on the Surrey border has not been much more profitable than your own.
Watson: The Thursday brought us another letter from our client.
###
Client: You will not be surprised, Mr. Holmes to hear that I am leaving Mr. Carruthers's employment. Even the high pay cannot reconcile me to the discomforts of my situation. On Saturday I come up to town and I do not intend to return. Mr. Carruthers has got a trap, and so the dangers of the lonely road, if there ever were any dangers, are now over. As to the special cause of my leaving, it is not merely the strained situation with Mr. Carruthers, but it is the reappearance of that odious man, Mr. Woodley. He was always hideous, but he looks more awful than ever now, for he appears to have had an accident and he is much disfigured. I saw him out of the window, but I am glad to say I did not meet him. He had a long talk with Mr. Carruthers, who seemed much excited afterwards. Woodley must be staying in the neighbourhood, for he did not sleep here, and yet I caught a glimpse of him again this morning slinking about in the shrubbery. I would sooner have a savage wild animal loose about the place. I loathe and fear him more than I can say. How can Mr. Carruthers endure such a creature for a moment? However, all my troubles will be over on Saturday.
Holmes: So I trust, Watson; so I trust. There is some deep intrigue going on round that little woman, and it is our duty to see that no one molests her upon that last journey. I think, Watson, that we must spare time to run down together on Saturday morning, and make sure that this curious and inconclusive investigation has no untoward ending.
###
Watson: I confess that I had not up to now taken a very serious view of the case, which had seemed to me rather grotesque and bizarre than dangerous. That a man should lie in wait for and follow a very handsome woman is no unheard-of thing, and if he had so little audacity that he not only dared not address her, but even fled from her approach, he was not a very formidable assailant. The ruffian Woodley was a very different person, but, except on one occasion, he had not molested our client, and now he visited the house of Carruthers without intruding upon her presence. The man on the bicycle was doubtless a member of those week-end parties at the Hall of which the publican had spoken; but who he was or what he wanted was as obscure as ever. It was the severity of Holmes's manner and the fact that he slipped a revolver into his pocket before leaving our rooms which impressed me with the feeling that tragedy might prove to lurk behind this curious train of events.
Watson: A rainy night had been followed by a glorious morning, and the heath-covered country-side with the glowing clumps of flowering gorse seemed all the more beautiful to eyes which were weary of the duns and drabs and slate-greys of London. Holmes and I walked along the broad, sandy road inhaling the fresh morning air, and rejoicing in the music of the birds and the fresh breath of the spring. From a rise of the road on the shoulder of Crooksbury Hill we could see the grim Hall bristling out from amidst the ancient oaks, which, old as they were, were still younger than the building which they surrounded. Holmes pointed down the long tract of road which wound, a reddish yellow band, between the brown of the heath and the budding green of the woods. Far away, a black dot, we could see a vehicle moving in our direction. Holmes gave an exclamation of impatience.
Holmes: I had given a margin of half an hour. If that is her trap she must be making for the earlier train. I fear, Watson, that she will be past Charlington before we can possibly meet her.
###
Holmes: I had given a margin of half an hour. If that is her trap she must be making for the earlier train. I fear, Watson, that she will be past Charlington before we can possibly meet her.
Watson: Too late, Watson; too late! Fool that I was not to allow for that earlier train! It's abduction, Watson--abduction! Murder! Heaven knows what! Block the road! Stop the horse! That's right. Now, jump in, and let us see if I can repair the consequences of my own blunder.
Watson: That's the man! 
Watson: That coal-black beard was in singular contrast to the pallor of his face, and his eyes were as bright as if he had a fever. He stared at us and at the dog-cart. Then a look of amazement came over his face.
###
Stranger: Halloa! Stop there! Where did you get that dog-cart? Pull up, man! Pull up, I say, or, by George, I'll put a bullet into your horse.
Holmes: You're the man we want to see. Where is Miss Violet Smith?
Stranger: That's what I am asking you. You're in her dog-cart. You ought to know where she is.
Holmes: We met the dog-cart on the road. There was no one in it. We drove back to help the young lady.
Stranger: Good Lord! Good Lord! what shall I do? They've got her, that hellhound Woodley and the blackguard parson. Come, man, come, if you really are her friend. Stand by me and we'll save her, if I have to leave my carcass in Charlington Wood.
Holmes: This is where they came through. Halloa! Stop a minute! Who's this in the bush?
Stranger: That's Peter, the groom. He drove her. The beasts have pulled him off and clubbed him. Let him lie; we can't do him any good, but we may save her from the worst fate that can befall a woman.
Holmes: They didn't go to the house. Here are their marks on the left--here, beside the laurel bushes! Ah, I said so!
###
Holmes: They didn't go to the house. Here are their marks on the left--here, beside the laurel bushes! Ah, I said so!
Unknown: This way! This way! They are in the bowling alley. Ah, the cowardly dogs! Follow me, gentlemen! Too late! too late! by the living Jingo!
Watson: They're married!
Unknown: You can take your beard off, Bob. I know you right enough. Well, you and your pals have just come in time for me to be able to introduce you to Mrs. Woodley.
###
Holmes: You can take your beard off, Bob. I know you right enough. Well, you and your pals have just come in time for me to be able to introduce you to Mrs. Woodley.
Guide: Yes, I am Bob Carruthers, and I'll see this woman righted if I have to swing for it. I told you what I'd do if you molested her, and, by the Lord, I'll be as good as my word!
Woodley: You're too late. She's my wife!
Guide: No, she's your widow.
Holmes: Enough of this. Drop that pistol! Watson, pick it up! Hold it to his head! Thank you. You, Carruthers, give me that revolver. We'll have no more violence. Come, hand it over!
Woodley: Who are you, then?
Holmes: My name is Sherlock Holmes. You have heard of me, I see. I will represent the official police until their arrival. Here, you! Come here. Take this note as hard as you can ride to Farnham. Give it to the superintendent at the police-station. Until he comes I must detain you all under my personal custody.
###
Watson: He will live.
Carruthers: What! I'll go upstairs and finish him first. Do you tell me that that girl, that angel, is to be tied to Roaring Jack Woodley for life?
Holmes: You need not concern yourself about that. There are two very good reasons why she should under no circumstances be his wife. In the first place, we are very safe in questioning Mr. Williamson's right to solemnize a marriage.
Williamson: I have been ordained.
Holmes: And also unfrocked.
Williamson: Once a clergyman, always a clergyman.
Holmes: I think not. How about the license?
Williamson: We had a license for the marriage. I have it here in my pocket.
Holmes: Then you got it by a trick. But in any case a forced marriage is no marriage, but it is a very serious felony, as you will discover before you have finished. You'll have time to think the point out during the next ten years or so, unless I am mistaken. As to you, Carruthers, you would have done better to keep your pistol in your pocket.
###
Carruthers: I begin to think so, Mr. Holmes; but when I thought of all the precaution I had taken to shield this girl--for I loved her, Mr. Holmes, and it is the only time that ever I knew what love was--it fairly drove me mad to think that she was in the power of the greatest brute and bully in South Africa, a man whose name is a holy terror from Kimberley to Johannesburg. Why, Mr. Holmes, you'll hardly believe it, but ever since that girl has been in my employment I never once let her go past this house, where I knew these rascals were lurking, without following her on my bicycle just to see that she came to no harm. I kept my distance from her, and I wore a beard so that she should not recognise me, for she is a good and high-spirited girl, and she wouldn't have stayed in my employment long if she had thought that I was following her about the country roads.
Watson: Why didn't you tell her of her danger?
Carruthers: Because then, again, she would have left me, and I couldn't bear to face that. Even if she couldn't love me it was a great deal to me just to see her dainty form about the house, and to hear the sound of her voice.
Watson: Well, you call that love, Mr. Carruthers, but I should call it selfishness.
Carruthers: Maybe the two things go together. Anyhow, I couldn't let her go. Besides, with this crowd about, it was well that she should have someone near to look after her. Then when the cable came I knew they were bound to make a move.
Watson: What cable?
Carruthers: That's it.
Holmes: The old man is dead. Hum! I think I see how things worked, and I can understand how this message would, as you say, bring them to a head. But while we wait you might tell me what you can.
Unknown: The old reprobate with the surplice burst into a volley of bad language.
###
Reprobate: By Heaven, if you squeal on us, Bob Carruthers, I'll serve you as you served Jack Woodley. You can bleat about the girl to your heart's content, for that's your own affair, but if you round on your pals to this plain-clothes copper it will be the worst day's work that ever you did.
Holmes: Your reverence need not be excited. The case is clear enough against you, and all I ask is a few details for my private curiosity. However, if there's any difficulty in your telling me I'll do the talking, and then you will see how far you have a chance of holding back your secrets. In the first place, three of you came from South Africa on this game--you Williamson, you Carruthers, and Woodley.
Reprobate: Lie number one, I never saw either of them until two months ago, and I have never been in Africa in my life, so you can put that in your pipe and smoke it, Mr. Busybody Holmes!
Carruthers: What he says is true.
Holmes: Well, well, two of you came over. His reverence is our own home-made article. You had known Ralph Smith in South Africa. You had reason to believe he would not live long. You found out that his niece would inherit his fortune. How's that--eh?
Carruthers: She was next-of-kin, no doubt, and you were aware that the old fellow would make no will.
Carruthers: Couldn't read or write.
Holmes: So you came over, the two of you, and hunted up the girl. The idea was that one of you was to marry her and the other have a share of the plunder. For some reason Woodley was chosen as the husband. Why was that?
Carruthers: We played cards for her on the voyage. He won.
###
Carruthers: We played cards for her on the voyage. He won.
Holmes: I see. You got the young lady into your service, and there Woodley was to do the courting. She recognised the drunken brute that he was, and would have nothing to do with him. Meanwhile, your arrangement was rather upset by the fact that you had yourself fallen in love with the lady. You could no longer bear the idea of this ruffian owning her.
Carruthers: No, by George, I couldn't!
Holmes: There was a quarrel between you. He left you in a rage, and began to make his own plans independently of you.
Williamson: It strikes me, Williamson, there isn't very much that we can tell this gentleman. Yes, we quarreled, and he knocked me down. I am level with him on that, anyhow. Then I lost sight of him. That was when he picked up with this cast padre here. I found that they had set up house-keeping together at this place on the line that she had to pass for the station. I kept my eye on her after that, for I knew there was some devilry in the wind. I saw them from time to time, for I was anxious to know what they were after. Two days ago Woodley came up to my house with this cable, which showed that Ralph Smith was dead. He asked me if I would stand by the bargain. I said I would not. He asked me if I would marry the girl myself and give him a share. I said I would willingly do so, but that she would not have me. He said, 'Let us get her married first, and after a week or two she may see things a bit different.' I said I would have nothing to do with violence. So he went off cursing, like the foul-mouthed blackguard that he was, and swearing that he would have her yet. She was leaving me this week-end, and I had got a trap to take her to the station, but I was so uneasy in my mind that I followed her on my bicycle. She had got a start, however, and before I could catch her the mischief was done. The first thing I knew about it was when I saw you two gentlemen driving back in her dog-cart.
###
Holmes: I have been very obtuse, Watson. When in your report you said that you had seen the cyclist as you thought arrange his necktie in the shrubbery, that alone should have told me all. However, we may congratulate ourselves upon a curious and in some respects a unique case. I perceive three of the county constabulary in the drive, and I am glad to see that the little ostler is able to keep pace with them; so it is likely that neither he nor the interesting bridegroom will be permanently damaged by their morning's adventures. I think, Watson, that in your medical capacity you might wait upon Miss Smith and tell her that if she is sufficiently recovered we shall be happy to escort her to her mother's home. If she is not quite convalescent you will find that a hint that we were about to telegraph to a young electrician in the Midlands would probably complete the cure. As to you, Mr. Carruthers, I think that you have done what you could to make amends for your share in an evil plot. There is my card, sir, and if my evidence can be of help to you in your trial it shall be at your disposal.
###
Watson: What is it, Watson?
Watson: Absolute exhaustion--possibly mere hunger and fatigue.
Holmes: Return ticket from Mackleton, in the North of England. It is not twelve o'clock yet. He has certainly been an early starter.
Stranger: Forgive this weakness, Mr. Holmes; I have been a little overwrought. Thank you, if I might have a glass of milk and a biscuit I have no doubt that I should be better. I came personally, Mr. Holmes, in order to ensure that you would return with me. I feared that no telegram would convince you of the absolute urgency of the case.
Stranger: I am quite well again. I cannot imagine how I came to be so weak. I wish you, Mr. Holmes, to come to Mackleton with me by the next train.
Holmes: My colleague, Dr. Watson, could tell you that we are very busy at present. I am retained in this case of the Ferrers Documents, and the Abergavenny murder is coming up for trial. Only a very important issue could call me from London at present.
###
Holmes: My colleague, Dr. Watson, could tell you that we are very busy at present. I am retained in this case of the Ferrers Documents, and the Abergavenny murder is coming up for trial. Only a very important issue could call me from London at present.
Visitor: Important! Have you heard nothing of the abduction of the only son of the Duke of Holdernesse?
Holmes: What! the late Cabinet Minister?
Visitor: Exactly. We had tried to keep it out of the papers, but there was some rumour in the Globe last night. I thought it might have reached your ears.
Holmes: 'Holdernesse, 6th Duke, K.G., P.C.' --half the alphabet! 'Baron Beverley, Earl of Carston'--dear me, what a list! 'Lord Lieutenant of Hallamshire since 1900. Married Edith, daughter of Sir Charles Appledore, 1888. Heir and only child, Lord Saltire. Owns about two hundred and fifty thousand acres. Minerals in Lancashire and Wales. Address: Carlton House Terrace; Holdernesse Hall, Hallamshire; Carston Castle, Bangor, Wales. Lord of the Admiralty, 1872; Chief Secretary of State for--' Well, well, this man is certainly one of the greatest subjects of the Crown!
Visitor: The greatest and perhaps the wealthiest. I am aware, Mr. Holmes, that you take a very high line in professional matters, and that you are prepared to work for the work's sake. I may tell you, however, that his Grace has already intimated that a cheque for five thousand pounds will be handed over to the person who can tell him where his son is, and another thousand to him who can name the man, or men, who have taken him.
###
Holmes: It is a princely offer, Watson, I think that we shall accompany Dr. Huxtable back to the North of England. And now, Dr. Huxtable, when you have consumed that milk you will kindly tell me what has happened, when it happened, how it happened, and, finally, what Dr. Thorneycroft Huxtable, of the Priory School, near Mackleton, has to do with the matter, and why he comes three days after an event--the state of your chin gives the date--to ask for my humble services.
Dr. Huxtable: I must inform you, gentlemen, that the Priory is a preparatory school, of which I am the founder and principal. 'Huxtable's Sidelights on Horace' may possibly recall my name to your memories. The Priory is, without exception, the best and most select preparatory school in England. Lord Leverstoke, the Earl of Blackwater, Sir Cathcart Soames--they all have entrusted their sons to me. But I felt that my school had reached its zenith when, three weeks ago, the Duke of Holdernesse sent Mr. James Wilder, his secretary, with the intimation that young Lord Saltire, ten years old, his only son and heir, was about to be committed to my charge. Little did I think that this would be the prelude to the most crushing misfortune of my life.
###
Narrator: When Lord Saltire's disappearance was discovered I at once called a roll of the whole establishment, boys, masters, and servants. It was then that we ascertained that Lord Saltire had not been alone in his flight. Heidegger, the German master, was missing. His room was on the second floor, at the farther end of the building, facing the same way as Lord Saltire's. His bed had also been slept in; but he had apparently gone away partly dressed, since his shirt and socks were lying on the floor. He had undoubtedly let himself down by the ivy, for we could see the marks of his feet where he had landed on the lawn. His bicycle was kept in a small shed beside this lawn, and it also was gone. He had been with me for two years, and came with the best references; but he was a silent, morose man, not very popular either with masters or boys. No trace could be found of the fugitives, and now on Thursday morning we are as ignorant as we were on Tuesday. Inquiry was, of course, made at once at Holdernesse Hall. It is only a few miles away, and we imagined that in some sudden attack of home-sickness he had gone back to his father; but nothing had been heard of him. The Duke is greatly agitated--and as to me, you have seen yourselves the state of nervous prostration to which the suspense and the responsibility have reduced me. Mr. Holmes, if ever you put forward your full powers, I implore you to do so now, for never in your life could you have a case which is more worthy of them.
Holmes: Sherlock Holmes had listened with the utmost intentness to the statement of the unhappy schoolmaster. His drawn brows and the deep furrow between them showed that he needed no exhortation to concentrate all his attention upon a problem which, apart from the tremendous interests involved, must appeal so directly to his love of the complex and the unusual. He now drew out his note-book and jotted down one or two memoranda.
###
Holmes: You have been very remiss in not coming to me sooner. You start me on my investigation with a very serious handicap. It is inconceivable, for example, that this ivy and this lawn would have yielded nothing to an expert observer.
Watson: I am not to blame, Mr. Holmes. His Grace was extremely desirous to avoid all public scandal. He was afraid of his family unhappiness being dragged before the world. He has a deep horror of anything of the kind.
Holmes: But there has been some official investigation?
Watson: Yes, sir, and it has proved most disappointing. An apparent clue was at once obtained, since a boy and a young man were reported to have been seen leaving a neighbouring station by an early train. Only last night we had news that the couple had been hunted down in Liverpool, and they prove to have no connection whatever with the matter in hand. Then it was that in my despair and disappointment, after a sleepless night, I came straight to you by the early train.
Holmes: I suppose the local investigation was relaxed while this false clue was being followed up?
Watson: It was entirely dropped.
Holmes: So that three days have been wasted. The affair has been most deplorably handled.
Watson: I feel it, and admit it.
Holmes: And yet the problem should be capable of ultimate solution. I shall be very happy to look into it. Have you been able to trace any connection between the missing boy and this German master?
Watson: None at all.
Holmes: Was he in the master's class?
Watson: No; he never exchanged a word with him so far as I know.
Holmes: That is certainly very singular. Had the boy a bicycle?
Watson: No.
Holmes: Was any other bicycle missing?
Watson: No.
Holmes: Is that certain?
Watson: Quite.
Holmes: Well, now, you do not mean to seriously suggest that this German rode off upon a bicycle in the dead of the night bearing the boy in his arms?
Watson: Certainly not.
Holmes: Then what is the theory in your mind?
Watson: The bicycle may have been a blind. It may have been hidden somewhere and the pair gone off on foot.
###
Holmes: Certainly not.
Watson: Then what is the theory in your mind?
Holmes: The bicycle may have been a blind. It may have been hidden somewhere and the pair gone off on foot.
Watson: Quite so; but it seems rather an absurd blind, does it not? Were there other bicycles in this shed?
Holmes: Several.
Watson: Would he not have hidden a couple he desired to give the idea that they had gone off upon them?
Holmes: I suppose he would.
Watson: Of course he would. The blind theory won't do. But the incident is an admirable starting-point for an investigation. After all, a bicycle is not an easy thing to conceal or to destroy. One other question. Did anyone call to see the boy on the day before he disappeared?
Holmes: No.
Watson: Did he get any letters?
Holmes: Yes; one letter.
Watson: From whom?
Holmes: From his father.
Watson: Do you open the boys' letters?
Holmes: No.
Watson: How do you know it was from the father?
Holmes: The coat of arms was on the envelope, and it was addressed in the Duke's peculiar stiff hand. Besides, the Duke remembers having written.
Watson: When had he a letter before that?
Holmes: Not for several days.
Watson: Had he ever one from France?
Holmes: No; never.
Watson: You see the point of my questions, of course. Either the boy was carried off by force or he went of his own free will. In the latter case you would expect that some prompting from outside would be needed to make so young a lad do such a thing. If he has had no visitors, that prompting must have come in letters. Hence I try to find out who were his correspondents.
Holmes: I fear I cannot help you much. His only correspondent, so far as I know, was his own father.
Watson: Who wrote to him on the very day of his disappearance. Were the relations between father and son very friendly?
Holmes: His Grace is never very friendly with anyone. He is completely immersed in large public questions, and is rather inaccessible to all ordinary emotions. But he was always kind to the boy in his own way.
Watson: But the sympathies of the latter were with the mother?
Holmes: Yes.
Watson: Did he say so?
Holmes: No.
Watson: The Duke, then?
Holmes: Good heavens, no!
Watson: Then how could you know?
###
Watson: But the sympathies of the latter were with the mother?
Holmes: Yes.
Watson: Did he say so?
Holmes: No.
Watson: The Duke, then?
Holmes: Good heavens, no! Then how could you know?
Holmes: I have had some confidential talks with Mr. James Wilder, his Grace's secretary. It was he who gave me the information about Lord Saltire's feelings.
Watson: I see. By the way, that last letter of the Duke's--was it found in the boy's room after he was gone?
Holmes: No; he had taken it with him. I think, Mr. Holmes, it is time that we were leaving for Euston.
Holmes: I will order a four-wheeler. In a quarter of an hour we shall be at your service. If you are telegraphing home, Mr. Huxtable, it would be well to allow the people in your neighbourhood to imagine that the inquiry is still going on in Liverpool, or wherever else that red herring led your pack. In the meantime I will do a little quiet work at your own doors, and perhaps the scent is not so cold but that two old hounds like Watson and myself may get a sniff of it.
Dr. Huxtable: The Duke is here. The Duke and Mr. Wilder are in the study. Come, gentlemen, and I will introduce you.
###
Holmes: The Duke is here. The Duke and Mr. Wilder are in the study. Come, gentlemen, and I will introduce you.
Watson: I was, of course, familiar with the pictures of the famous statesman, but the man himself was very different from his representation. He was a tall and stately person, scrupulously dressed, with a drawn, thin face, and a nose which was grotesquely curved and long. His complexion was of a dead pallor, which was more startling by contrast with a long, dwindling beard of vivid red, which flowed down over his white waistcoat, with his watch-chain gleaming through its fringe. Such was the stately presence who looked stonily at us from the centre of Dr. Huxtable's hearthrug. Beside him stood a very young man, whom I understood to be Wilder, the private secretary. He was small, nervous, alert, with intelligent, light-blue eyes and mobile features. It was he who at once, in an incisive and positive tone, opened the conversation.
Wilder: I called this morning, Dr. Huxtable, too late to prevent you from starting for London. I learned that your object was to invite Mr. Sherlock Holmes to undertake the conduct of this case. His Grace is surprised, Dr. Huxtable, that you should have taken such a step without consulting him.
Huxtable: When I learned that the police had failed--
Wilder: His Grace is by no means convinced that the police have failed.
Huxtable: But surely, Mr. Wilder-
Wilder: You are well aware, Dr. Huxtable, that his Grace is particularly anxious to avoid all public scandal. He prefers to take as few people as possible into his confidence.
Huxtable: The matter can be easily remedied, Mr. Sherlock Holmes can return to London by the morning train.
Holmes: Hardly that, Doctor, hardly that. This northern air is invigorating and pleasant, so I propose to spend a few days upon your moors, and to occupy my mind as best I may. Whether I have the shelter of your roof or of the village inn is, of course, for you to decide.
###
Duke: I agree with Mr. Wilder, Dr. Huxtable, that you would have done wisely to consult me. But since Mr. Holmes has already been taken into your confidence, it would indeed be absurd that we should not avail ourselves of his services. Far from going to the inn, Mr. Holmes, I should be pleased if you would come and stay with me at Holdernesse Hall.
Holmes: I thank your Grace. For the purposes of my investigation I think that it would be wiser for me to remain at the scene of the mystery.
Duke: Just as you like, Mr. Holmes. Any information which Mr. Wilder or I can give you is, of course, at your disposal.
Holmes: It will probably be necessary for me to see you at the Hall. I would only ask you now, sir, whether you have formed any explanation in your own mind as to the mysterious disappearance of your son?
Duke: No, sir, I have not.
Holmes: Excuse me if I allude to that which is painful to you, but I have no alternative. Do you think that the Duchess had anything to do with the matter?
Duke: I do not think so.
Holmes: The other most obvious explanation is that the child has been kidnapped for the purpose of levying ransom. You have not had any demand of the sort?
Duke: No, sir.
Holmes: One more question, your Grace. I understand that you wrote to your son upon the day when this incident occurred.
Duke: No; I wrote upon the day before.
Holmes: Exactly. But he received it on that day?
Duke: Yes.
Holmes: Was there anything in your letter which might have unbalanced him or induced him to take such a step?
Duke: No, sir, certainly not.
Holmes: Did you post that letter yourself?
###
Holmes: Was there anything in your letter which might have unbalanced him or induced him to take such a step?
Secretary: No, sir, certainly not.
Holmes: Did you post that letter yourself?
Secretary: His Grace is not in the habit of posting letters himself. This letter was laid with others upon the study table, and I myself put them in the post-bag.
Holmes: You are sure this one was among them?
Secretary: Yes, I observed it.
Holmes: How many letters did your Grace write that day?
Secretary: Twenty or thirty. I have a large correspondence. But surely this is somewhat irrelevant?
Holmes: Not entirely.
Duke: For my own part, I have advised the police to turn their attention to the South of France. I have already said that I do not believe that the Duchess would encourage so monstrous an action, but the lad had the most wrong-headed opinions, and it is possible that he may have fled to her, aided and abetted by this German. I think, Dr. Huxtable, that we will now return to the Hall.
Holmes: I could see that there were other questions which Holmes would have wished to put; but the nobleman's abrupt manner showed that the interview was at an end. It was evident that to his intensely aristocratic nature this discussion of his intimate family affairs with a stranger was most abhorrent, and that he feared lest every fresh question would throw a fiercer light into the discreetly shadowed corners of his ducal history.
Holmes: When the nobleman and his secretary had left, my friend flung himself at once with characteristic eagerness into the investigation.
###
Watson: When the nobleman and his secretary had left, my friend flung himself at once with characteristic eagerness into the investigation. The boy's chamber was carefully examined, and yielded nothing save the absolute conviction that it was only through the window that he could have escaped. The German master's room and effects gave no further clue. In his case a trailer of ivy had given way under his weight, and we saw by the light of a lantern the mark on the lawn where his heels had come down. That one dint in the short green grass was the only material witness left of this inexplicable nocturnal flight.
Watson: Sherlock Holmes left the house alone, and only returned after eleven. He had obtained a large ordnance map of the neighbourhood, and this he brought into my room, where he laid it out on the bed, and, having balanced the lamp in the middle of it, he began to smoke over it, and occasionally to point out objects of interest with the reeking amber of his pipe.
Holmes: This case grows upon me, Watson. There are decidedly some points of interest in connection with it. In this early stage I want you to realize those geographical features which may have a good deal to do with our investigation. Look at this map. This dark square is the Priory School. I'll put a pin in it. Now, this line is the main road. You see that it runs east and west past the school, and you see also that there is no side road for a mile either way. If these two folk passed away by road it was this road.
Watson: Exactly.
###
Holmes: Exactly.
Holmes: By a singular and happy chance we are able to some extent to check what passed along this road during the night in question. At this point, where my pipe is now resting, a country constable was on duty from twelve to six. It is, as you perceive, the first cross road on the east side. This man declares that he was not absent from his post for an instant, and he is positive that neither boy nor man could have gone that way unseen. I have spoken with this policeman to-night, and he appears to me to be a perfectly reliable person. That blocks this end. We have now to deal with the other. There is an inn here, the Red Bull, the landlady of which was ill. She had sent to Mackleton for a doctor, but he did not arrive until morning, being absent at another case. The people at the inn were alert all night, awaiting his coming, and one or other of them seems to have continually had an eye upon the road. They declare that no one passed. If their evidence is good, then we are fortunate enough to be able to block the west, and also to be able to say that the fugitives did not use the road at all.
Watson: But the bicycle? I objected.
###
Watson: But the bicycle?
Holmes: Quite so. We will come to the bicycle presently. To continue our reasoning: if these people did not go by the road, they must have traversed the country to the north of the house or to the south of the house. That is certain. Let us weigh the one against the other. On the south of the house is, as you perceive, a large district of arable land, cut up into small fields, with stone walls between them. There, I admit that a bicycle is impossible. We can dismiss the idea. We turn to the country on the north. Here there lies a grove of trees, marked as the 'Ragged Shaw,' and on the farther side stretches a great rolling moor, Lower Gill Moor, extending for ten miles and sloping gradually upwards. Here, at one side of this wilderness, is Holdernesse Hall, ten miles by road, but only six across the moor. It is a peculiarly desolate plain. A few moor farmers have small holdings, where they rear sheep and cattle. Except these, the plover and the curlew are the only inhabitants until you come to the Chesterfield high road. There is a church there, you see, a few cottages, and an inn. Beyond that the hills become precipitous. Surely it is here to the north that our quest must lie.
Watson: But the bicycle?
Holmes: Well, well! A good cyclist does not need a high road. The moor is intersected with paths and the moon was at the full. Halloa! what is this?
Watson: There was an agitated knock at the door, and an instant afterwards Dr. Huxtable was in the room. In his hand he held a blue cricket-cap, with a white chevron on the peak.
Dr. Huxtable: At last we have a clue! Thank Heaven! at last we are on the dear boy's track! It is his cap.
Watson: Where was it found?
Dr. Huxtable: In the van of the gipsies who camped on the moor. They left on Tuesday. To-day the police traced them down and examined their caravan. This was found.
Watson: How do they account for it?
###
Watson: Where was it found?
Holmes: In the van of the gipsies who camped on the moor. They left on Tuesday. To-day the police traced them down and examined their caravan. This was found.
Watson: How do they account for it?
Holmes: They shuffled and lied--said that they found it on the moor on Tuesday morning. They know where he is, the rascals! Thank goodness, they are all safe under lock and key. Either the fear of the law or the Duke's purse will certainly get out of them all that they know.
Holmes: So far, so good. It at least bears out the theory that it is on the side of the Lower Gill Moor that we must hope for results. The police have really done nothing locally, save the arrest of these gipsies. Look here, Watson! There is a watercourse across the moor. You see it marked here in the map. In some parts it widens into a morass. This is particularly so in the region between Holdernesse Hall and the school. It is vain to look elsewhere for tracks in this dry weather; but at that point there is certainly a chance of some record being left. I will call you early to-morrow morning, and you and I will try if we can throw some little light upon the mystery.
Holmes: I have done the lawn and the bicycle shed. I have also had a ramble through the Ragged Shaw. Now, Watson, there is cocoa ready in the next room. I must beg you to hurry, for we have a great day before us.
Watson: His eyes shone, and his cheek was flushed with the exhilaration of the master workman who sees his work lie ready before him. A very different Holmes, this active, alert man, from the introspective and pallid dreamer of Baker Street. I felt, as I looked upon that supple figure, alive with nervous energy, that it was indeed a strenuous day that awaited us.
###
Watson: Check number one. There is another morass down yonder and a narrow neck between. Halloa! halloa! halloa! what have we here?
Holmes: A bicycle, certainly, but not the bicycle. I am familiar with forty-two different impressions left by tyres. This, as you perceive, is a Dunlop, with a patch upon the outer cover. Heidegger's tyres were Palmer's, leaving longitudinal stripes. Aveling, the mathematical master, was sure upon the point. Therefore, it is not Heidegger's track.
Watson: The boy's, then?
Holmes: Possibly, if we could prove a bicycle to have been in his possession. But this we have utterly failed to do. This track, as you perceive, was made by a rider who was going from the direction of the school.
Watson: Or towards it?
###
Holmes: The boy's, then?
Watson: Possibly, if we could prove a bicycle to have been in his possession. But this we have utterly failed to do. This track, as you perceive, was made by a rider who was going from the direction of the school.
Holmes: No, no, my dear Watson. The more deeply sunk impression is, of course, the hind wheel, upon which the weight rests. You perceive several places where it has passed across and obliterated the more shallow mark of the front one. It was undoubtedly heading away from the school. It may or may not be connected with our inquiry, but we will follow it backwards before we go any farther.
Holmes: Well, well. It is, of course, possible that a cunning man might change the tyre of his bicycle in order to leave unfamiliar tracks. A criminal who was capable of such a thought is a man whom I should be proud to do business with. We will leave this question undecided and hark back to our morass again, for we have left a good deal unexplored.
Holmes: Here is Herr Heidegger, sure enough! My reasoning seems to have been pretty sound, Watson.
###
Holmes: Here is Herr Heidegger, sure enough! My reasoning seems to have been pretty sound, Watson.
Watson: I congratulate you.
Holmes: But we have a long way still to go. Kindly walk clear of the path. Now let us follow the trail. I fear that it will not lead very far.
Holmes: Do you observe that the rider is now undoubtedly forcing the pace? There can be no doubt of it. Look at this impression, where you get both tyres clear. The one is as deep as the other. That can only mean that the rider is throwing his weight on to the handle-bar, as a man does when he is sprinting. By Jove! he has had a fall.
Watson: A side slip.
Holmes: Bad! Bad! Stand clear, Watson! Not an unnecessary footstep! What do I read here? He fell wounded, he stood up, he remounted, he proceeded. But there is no other track. Cattle on this side path. He was surely not gored by a bull? Impossible! But I see no traces of anyone else. We must push on, Watson. Surely with stains as well as the track to guide us he cannot escape us now.
###
Watson: It is a little difficult to know what to do, Watson. My own inclinations are to push this inquiry on, for we have already lost so much time that we cannot afford to waste another hour. On the other hand, we are bound to inform the police of the discovery, and to see that this poor fellow's body is looked after.
Holmes: I could take a note back. But I need your company and assistance. Wait a bit! There is a fellow cutting peat up yonder. Bring him over here, and he will guide the police.
###
Holmes: But I need your company and assistance. Wait a bit! There is a fellow cutting peat up yonder. Bring him over here, and he will guide the police.
Watson: I brought the peasant across, and Holmes dispatched the frightened man with a note to Dr. Huxtable.
Holmes: Now, Watson, we have picked up two clues this morning. One is the bicycle with the Palmer tyre, and we see what that has led to. The other is the bicycle with the patched Dunlop. Before we start to investigate that, let us try to realize what we do know so as to make the most of it, and to separate the essential from the accidental.
Holmes: First of all I wish to impress upon you that the boy certainly left of his own free will. He got down from his window and he went off, either alone or with someone. That is sure.
Watson: I assented.
Holmes: Well, now, let us turn to this unfortunate German master. The boy was fully dressed when he fled. Therefore, he foresaw what he would do. But the German went without his socks. He certainly acted on very short notice.
Watson: Undoubtedly.
Holmes: Why did he go? Because, from his bedroom window, he saw the flight of the boy. Because he wished to overtake him and bring him back. He seized his bicycle, pursued the lad, and in pursuing him met his death.
Watson: So it would seem.
Holmes: Now I come to the critical part of my argument. The natural action of a man in pursuing a little boy would be to run after him. He would know that he could overtake him. But the German does not do so. He turns to his bicycle. I am told that he was an excellent cyclist. He would not do this if he did not see that the boy had some swift means of escape.
Watson: The other bicycle.
###
Holmes: The other bicycle.
Holmes: Let us continue our reconstruction. He meets his death five miles from the school--not by a bullet, mark you, which even a lad might conceivably discharge, but by a savage blow dealt by a vigorous arm. The lad, then, had a companion in his flight. And the flight was a swift one, since it took five miles before an expert cyclist could overtake them. Yet we survey the ground round the scene of the tragedy. What do we find? A few cattle tracks, nothing more. I took a wide sweep round, and there is no path within fifty yards. Another cyclist could have had nothing to do with the actual murder. Nor were there any human footmarks.
Watson: Holmes, this is impossible.
Holmes: Admirable! A most illuminating remark. It is impossible as I state it, and therefore I must in some respect have stated it wrong. Yet you saw for yourself. Can you suggest any fallacy?
Watson: He could not have fractured his skull in a fall?
Holmes: In a morass, Watson? I am at my wit's end. Tut, tut; we have solved some worse problems. At least we have plenty of material, if we can only use it. Come, then, and, having exhausted the Palmer, let us see what the Dunlop with the patched cover has to offer us.
Holmes: We picked up the track and followed it onwards for some distance; but soon the moor rose into a long, heather-tufted curve, and we left the watercourse behind us. No further help from tracks could be hoped for. At the spot where we saw the last of the Dunlop tyre it might equally have led to Holdernesse Hall, the stately towers of which rose some miles to our left, or to a low, grey village which lay in front of us, and marked the position of the Chesterfield high road.
###
Holmes: How are you, Mr. Reuben Hayes?
Reuben Hayes: Who are you, and how do you get my name so pat?
Holmes: Well, it's printed on the board above your head. It's easy to see a man who is master of his own house. I suppose you haven't such a thing as a carriage in your stables?
Reuben Hayes: No; I have not.
Holmes: I can hardly put my foot to the ground.
Reuben Hayes: Don't put it to the ground. But I can't walk.
Holmes: Well, then, hop.
Holmes: Look here, my man. This is really rather an awkward fix for me. I don't mind how I get on.
Reuben Hayes: Neither do I.
Holmes: The matter is very important. I would offer you a sovereign for the use of a bicycle.
Reuben Hayes: Where do you want to go?
Holmes: To Holdernesse Hall.
Reuben Hayes: Pals of the Dook, I suppose?
Holmes: He'll be glad to see us, anyhow.
Reuben Hayes: Why?
Holmes: Because we bring him news of his lost son.
Reuben Hayes: What, you're on his track?
Holmes: He has been heard of in Liverpool. They expect to get him every hour.
Reuben Hayes: He'll be glad to see us, anyhow. Why?
Holmes: Because we bring him news of his lost son.
###
Landlord: What, you're on his track? He has been heard of in Liverpool. They expect to get him every hour.
Landlord: I've less reason to wish the Dook well than most men, for I was his head coachman once, and cruel bad he treated me. It was him that sacked me without a character on the word of a lying corn-chandler. But I'm glad to hear that the young lord was heard of in Liverpool, and I'll help you to take the news to the Hall.
Holmes: Thank you. We'll have some food first. Then you can bring round the bicycle.
Landlord: I haven't got a bicycle.
Holmes: I tell you, man, that I haven't got one. I'll let you have two horses as far as the Hall.
Holmes: Well, well, we'll talk about it when we've had something to eat.
Holmes: By Heaven, Watson, I believe that I've got it! Yes, yes, it must be so. Watson, do you remember seeing any cow-tracks today?
Watson: Yes, several.
Holmes: Where?
Watson: Well, everywhere. They were at the morass, and again on the path, and again near where poor Heidegger met his death.
Holmes: Exactly. Well, now, Watson, how many cows did you see on the moor?
Watson: I don't remember seeing any.
Holmes: Strange, Watson, that we should see tracks all along our line, but never a cow on the whole moor; very strange, Watson, eh?
###
Holmes: Exactly. Well, now, Watson, how many cows did you see on the moor?
Watson: I don't remember seeing any.
Holmes: Strange, Watson, that we should see tracks all along our line, but never a cow on the whole moor; very strange, Watson, eh?
Watson: Yes, it is strange.
Holmes: Now, Watson, make an effort; throw your mind back! Can you see those tracks upon the path?
Watson: Yes, I can.
Holmes: Can you recall that the tracks were sometimes like that, Watson--he arranged a number of bread-crumbs in this fashion--: : : : :--and sometimes like this--: ` : ` : ` : `--and occasionally like this--. ` . ` . ` . Can you remember that?
Watson: No, I cannot.
Holmes: But I can. I could swear to it. However, we will go back at our leisure and verify it. What a blind beetle I have been not to draw my conclusion!
Holmes: Only that it is a remarkable cow which walks, canters, and gallops. By George, Watson, it was no brain of a country publican that thought out such a blind as that! The coast seems to be clear, save for that lad in the smithy. Let us slip out and see what we can see.
Holmes: Old shoes, but newly shod--old shoes, but new nails. This case deserves to be a classic. Let us go across to the smithy.
Holmes: You infernal spies! What are you doing there?
Holmes: Why, Mr. Reuben Hayes, one might think that you were afraid of our finding something out.
###
Hayes: You infernal spies! What are you doing there?
Holmes: Why, Mr. Reuben Hayes, one might think that you were afraid of our finding something out.
Hayes: You're welcome to all you can find out in my smithy. But look here, mister, I don't care for folk poking about my place without my leave, so the sooner you pay your score and get out of this the better I shall be pleased.
Holmes: All right, Mr. Hayes--no harm meant. We have been having a look at your horses, but I think I'll walk after all. It's not far, I believe.
Hayes: Not more than two miles to the Hall gates. That's the road to the left.
Holmes: We were warm, as the children say, at that inn. I seem to grow colder every step that I take away from it. No, no; I can't possibly leave it.
Watson: I am convinced that this Reuben Hayes knows all about it. A more self-evident villain I never saw.
Holmes: Oh! he impressed you in that way, did he? There are the horses, there is the smithy. Yes, it is an interesting place, this Fighting Cock. I think we shall have another look at it in an unobtrusive way.
###
Holmes: Get down, Watson!
Holmes: The Duke's secretary! Come, Watson, let us see what he does.
Holmes: What do you make of that, Watson?
Holmes: A single man in a dog-cart, so far as I could see. Well, it certainly was not Mr. James Wilder, for there he is at the door.
###
Holmes: It seems to be a curious class of custom that is done by the Fighting Cock.
Holmes: The bar is on the other side. Quite so. These are what one may call the private guests. Now, what in the world is Mr. James Wilder doing in that den at this hour of night, and who is the companion who comes to meet him there? Come, Watson, we must really take a risk and try to investigate this a little more closely.
Holmes: I must have a peep through that, Watson. If you bend your back and support yourself upon the wall, I think that I can manage.
Holmes: Come, my friend, our day's work has been quite long enough. I think that we have gathered all that we can. It's a long walk to the school, and the sooner we get started the better.
Holmes: All goes well, my friend. I promise that before to-morrow evening we shall have reached the solution of the mystery.
###
Unknown: You have come to see his Grace? I am sorry; but the fact is that the Duke is far from well. He has been very much upset by the tragic news. We received a telegram from Dr. Huxtable yesterday afternoon, which told us of your discovery.
Holmes: I must see the Duke, Mr. Wilder.
Unknown: But he is in his room.
Holmes: Then I must go to his room.
Unknown: I believe he is in his bed.
Holmes: I will see him there.
Unknown: Very good, Mr. Holmes; I will tell him that you are here.
Duke: Well, Mr. Holmes?
Holmes: I think, your Grace, that I could speak more freely in Mr. Wilder's absence.
Duke: If your Grace wishes-
Holmes: Yes, yes; you had better go. Now, Mr. Holmes, what have you to say?
Holmes: The fact is, your Grace, that my colleague, Dr. Watson, and myself had an assurance from Dr. Huxtable that a reward had been offered in this case. I should like to have this confirmed from your own lips.
Duke: Certainly, Mr. Holmes.
Holmes: It amounted, if I am correctly informed, to five thousand pounds to anyone who will tell you where your son is?
Duke: Exactly.
Holmes: And another thousand to the man who will name the person or persons who keep him in custody?
Duke: Exactly.
Holmes: Under the latter heading is included, no doubt, not only those who may have taken him away, but also those who conspire to keep him in his present position?
###
Holmes: Exactly.
Holmes: Under the latter heading is included, no doubt, not only those who may have taken him away, but also those who conspire to keep him in his present position?
Duke: Yes, yes, If you do your work well, Mr. Sherlock Holmes, you will have no reason to complain of niggardly treatment.
Holmes: I fancy that I see your Grace's cheque-book upon the table. I should be glad if you would make me out a cheque for six thousand pounds. It would be as well, perhaps, for you to cross it. The Capital and Counties Bank, Oxford Street branch, are my agents.
Duke: Is this a joke, Mr. Holmes? It is hardly a subject for pleasantry.
Holmes: Not at all, your Grace. I was never more earnest in my life.
Duke: What do you mean, then?
Holmes: I mean that I have earned the reward. I know where your son is, and I know some, at least, of those who are holding him.
Duke: Where is he?
Holmes: He is, or was last night, at the Fighting Cock Inn, about two miles from your park gate.
Duke: And whom do you accuse?
Holmes: I accuse you. And now, your Grace, I'll trouble you for that cheque.
Duke: How much do you know?
Holmes: I saw you together last night.
Duke: Does anyone else besides your friend know?
Holmes: I have spoken to no one.
###
Duke: How much do you know? he asked at last, without raising his head.
Holmes: I saw you together last night.
Duke: Does anyone else besides your friend know?
Holmes: I have spoken to no one.
Duke: I shall be as good as my word, Mr. Holmes. I am about to write your cheque, however unwelcome the information which you have gained may be to me. When the offer was first made I little thought the turn which events might take. But you and your friend are men of discretion, Mr. Holmes?
Holmes: I hardly understand your Grace.
Duke: I must put it plainly, Mr. Holmes. If only you two know of this incident, there is no reason why it should go any farther. I think twelve thousand pounds is the sum that I owe you, is it not?
Holmes: I fear, your Grace, that matters can hardly be arranged so easily. There is the death of this schoolmaster to be accounted for.
Duke: But James knew nothing of that. You cannot hold him responsible for that. It was the work of this brutal ruffian whom he had the misfortune to employ.
Holmes: I must take the view, your Grace, that when a man embarks upon a crime he is morally guilty of any other crime which may spring from it.
###
Holmes: I must take the view, your Grace, that when a man embarks upon a crime he is morally guilty of any other crime which may spring from it.
Duke: Morally, Mr. Holmes. No doubt you are right. But surely not in the eyes of the law. A man cannot be condemned for a murder at which he was not present, and which he loathes and abhors as much as you do. The instant that he heard of it he made a complete confession to me, so filled was he with horror and remorse. He lost not an hour in breaking entirely with the murderer. Oh, Mr. Holmes, you must save him--you must save him! I tell you that you must save him!
Duke: I appreciate your conduct in coming here before you spoke to anyone else. At least, we may take counsel how far we can minimize this hideous scandal.
Holmes: Exactly. I think, your Grace, that this can only be done by absolute and complete frankness between us. I am disposed to help your Grace to the best of my ability; but in order to do so I must understand to the last detail how the matter stands. I realize that your words applied to Mr. James Wilder, and that he is not the murderer.
Duke: No; the murderer has escaped.
Holmes: Your Grace can hardly have heard of any small reputation which I possess, or you would not imagine that it is so easy to escape me. Mr. Reuben Hayes was arrested at Chesterfield on my information at eleven o'clock last night. I had a telegram from the head of the local police before I left the school this morning.
Duke: You seem to have powers that are hardly human. So Reuben Hayes is taken? I am right glad to hear it, if it will not react upon the fate of James.
Holmes: Your secretary?
Duke: No, sir; my son.
Holmes: It was Holmes's turn to look astonished.
###
Unknown: You seem to have powers that are hardly human.
Holmes: So Reuben Hayes is taken? I am right glad to hear it, if it will not react upon the fate of James.
Unknown: Your secretary?
Holmes: No, sir; my son.
Holmes: I confess that this is entirely new to me, your Grace. I must beg you to be more explicit.
Unknown: I will conceal nothing from you. I agree with you that complete frankness, however painful it may be to me, is the best policy in this desperate situation to which James's folly and jealousy have reduced us. When I was a very young man, Mr. Holmes, I loved with such a love as comes only once in a lifetime. I offered the lady marriage, but she refused it on the grounds that such a match might mar my career. Had she lived I would certainly never have married anyone else. She died, and left this one child, whom for her sake I have cherished and cared for. I could not acknowledge the paternity to the world; but I gave him the best of educations, and since he came to manhood I have kept him near my person. He surprised my secret, and has presumed ever since upon the claim which he has upon me and upon his power of provoking a scandal, which would be abhorrent to me. His presence had something to do with the unhappy issue of my marriage. Above all, he hated my young legitimate heir from the first with a persistent hatred. You may well ask me why, under these circumstances, I still kept James under my roof. I answer that it was because I could see his mother's face in his, and that for her dear sake there was no end to my long-suffering. All her pretty ways, too--there was not one of them which he could not suggest and bring back to my memory. I could not send him away. But I feared so much lest he should do Arthur--that is, Lord Saltire--a mischief that I dispatched him for safety to Dr. Huxtable's school.
###
Holmes: What brought all his wicked scheme to wreck was your discovery of this man Heidegger's dead body. James was seized with horror at the news. It came to us yesterday as we sat together in this study. Dr. Huxtable had sent a telegram. James was so overwhelmed with grief and agitation that my suspicions, which had never been entirely absent, rose instantly to a certainty, and I taxed him with the deed. He made a complete voluntary confession. Then he implored me to keep his secret for three days longer, so as to give his wretched accomplice a chance of saving his guilty life. I yielded--as I have always yielded--to his prayers, and instantly James hurried off to the Fighting Cock to warn Hayes and give him the means of flight. I could not go there by daylight without provoking comment, but as soon as night fell I hurried off to see my dear Arthur. I found him safe and well, but horrified beyond expression by the dreadful deed he had witnessed. In deference to my promise, and much against my will, I consented to leave him there for three days under the charge of Mrs. Hayes, since it was evident that it was impossible to inform the police where he was without telling them also who was the murderer, and I could not see how that murderer could be punished without ruin to my unfortunate James. You asked for frankness, Mr. Holmes, and I have taken you at your word, for I have now told you everything without an attempt at circumlocution or concealment. Do you in turn be as frank with me.
Holmes: I will. In the first place, your Grace, I am bound to tell you that you have placed yourself in a most serious position in the eyes of the law. You have condoned a felony and you have aided the escape of a murderer; for I cannot doubt that any money which was taken by James Wilder to aid his accomplice in his flight came from your Grace's purse.
Duke: The Duke bowed his assent.
###
Duke: This is indeed a most serious matter. Even more culpable in my opinion, your Grace, is your attitude towards your younger son. You leave him in this den for three days. Under solemn promises-
Holmes: What are promises to such people as these? You have no guarantee that he will not be spirited away again. To humour your guilty elder son you have exposed your innocent younger son to imminent and unnecessary danger. It was a most unjustifiable action.
Duke: I will help you, but on one condition only. It is that you ring for the footman and let me give such orders as I like.
Holmes: You will be glad to hear that your young master is found. It is the Duke's desire that the carriage shall go at once to the Fighting Cock Inn to bring Lord Saltire home.
Holmes: Now, having secured the future, we can afford to be more lenient with the past. I am not in an official position, and there is no reason, so long as the ends of justice are served, why I should disclose all that I know. As to Hayes I say nothing. The gallows awaits him, and I would do nothing to save him from it. What he will divulge I cannot tell, but I have no doubt that your Grace could make him understand that it is to his interest to be silent. From the police point of view he will have kidnapped the boy for the purpose of ransom. If they do not themselves find it out I see no reason why I should prompt them to take a broader point of view. I would warn your Grace, however, that the continued presence of Mr. James Wilder in your household can only lead to misfortune.
Duke: I understand that, Mr. Holmes, and it is already settled that he shall leave me for ever and go to seek his fortune in Australia.
###
Holmes: I understand that, Mr. Holmes, and it is already settled that he shall leave me for ever and go to seek his fortune in Australia.
Holmes: In that case, your Grace, since you have yourself stated that any unhappiness in your married life was caused by his presence, I would suggest that you make such amends as you can to the Duchess, and that you try to resume those relations which have been so unhappily interrupted.
Duchess: That also I have arranged, Mr. Holmes. I wrote to the Duchess this morning.
Holmes: In that case, I think that my friend and I can congratulate ourselves upon several most happy results from our little visit to the North. There is one other small point upon which I desire some light. This fellow Hayes had shod his horses with shoes which counterfeited the tracks of cows. Was it from Mr. Wilder that he learned so extraordinary a device?
Duke: These shoes were dug up in the moat of Holdernesse Hall. They are for the use of horses; but they are shaped below with a cloven foot of iron, so as to throw pursuers off the track. They are supposed to have belonged to some of the marauding Barons of Holdernesse in the Middle Ages.
Holmes: Thank you. It is the second most interesting object that I have seen in the North.
Duke: And the first?
Holmes: I am a poor man.
###
Holmes: And the first?
Holmes: I am a poor man.
###
Watson: Good gracious, Holmes! You don't mean to say that you have been walking about London with that thing?
Holmes: I drove to the butcher's and back.
Watson: The butcher's?
Holmes: And I return with an excellent appetite. There can be no question, my dear Watson, of the value of exercise before breakfast. But I am prepared to bet that you will not guess the form that my exercise has taken.
Watson: I will not attempt it.
Holmes: If you could have looked into Allardyce's back shop you would have seen a dead pig swung from a hook in the ceiling, and a gentleman in his shirt-sleeves furiously stabbing at it with this weapon. I was that energetic person, and I have satisfied myself that by no exertion of my strength can I transfix the pig with a single blow. Perhaps you would care to try?
Watson: Not for worlds. But why were you doing this?
Holmes: Because it seemed to me to have an indirect bearing upon the mystery of Woodman's Lee. Ah, Hopkins, I got your wire last night, and I have been expecting you. Come and join us.
###
Watson: Not for worlds. But why were you doing this?
Holmes: Because it seemed to me to have an indirect bearing upon the mystery of Woodman's Lee. Ah, Hopkins, I got your wire last night, and I have been expecting you. Come and join us.
Holmes: And what had you to report?
Hopkins: Failure, sir; absolute failure.
Holmes: You have made no progress?
Hopkins: None.
Hopkins: I wish to heavens that you would, Mr. Holmes. It's my first big chance, and I am at my wit's end. For goodness' sake come down and lend me a hand.
Holmes: Well, well, it just happens that I have already read all the available evidence, including the report of the inquest, with some care. By the way, what do you make of that tobacco-pouch found on the scene of the crime? Is there no clue there?
Hopkins: It was the man's own pouch, sir. His initials were inside it. And it was of seal-skin--and he an old sealer.
Holmes: But he had no pipe.
Hopkins: No, sir, we could find no pipe; indeed, he smoked very little. And yet he might have kept some tobacco for his friends.
Holmes: No doubt. I only mention it because if I had been handling the case I should have been inclined to make that the starting-point of my investigation. However, my friend Dr. Watson knows nothing of this matter, and I should be none the worse for hearing the sequence of events once more. Just give us some short sketch of the essentials.
###
Hopkins: I know your methods, sir, and I applied them. Before I permitted anything to be moved I examined most carefully the ground outside, and also the floor of the room. There were no footmarks.
Holmes: Meaning that you saw none?
Hopkins: I assure you, sir, that there were none.
Holmes: My good Hopkins, I have investigated many crimes, but I have never yet seen one which was committed by a flying creature. As long as the criminal remains upon two legs so long must there be some indentation, some abrasion, some trifling displacement which can be detected by the scientific searcher. It is incredible that this blood-bespattered room contained no trace which could have aided us. I understand, however, from the inquest that there were some objects which you failed to overlook?
Hopkins: I was a fool not to call you in at the time, Mr. Holmes. However, that's past praying for now. Yes, there were several objects in the room which called for special attention. One was the harpoon with which the deed was committed. It had been snatched down from a rack on the wall. Two others remained there, and there was a vacant place for the third. On the stock was engraved 'S.S.. Sea Unicorn, Dundee.' This seemed to establish that the crime had been done in a moment of fury, and that the murderer had seized the first weapon which came in his way. The fact that the crime was committed at two in the morning, and yet Peter Carey was fully dressed, suggested that he had an appointment with the murderer, which is borne out by the fact that a bottle of rum and two dirty glasses stood upon the table.
Holmes: Yes, I think that both inferences are permissible. Was there any other spirit but rum in the room?
Hopkins: Yes; there was a tantalus containing brandy and whisky on the sea-chest. It is of no importance to us, however, since the decanters were full, and it had therefore not been used.
###
Holmes: Yes, there was a tantalus containing brandy and whisky on the sea-chest. It is of no importance to us, however, since the decanters were full, and it had therefore not been used.
Holmes: For all that its presence has some significance. However, let us hear some more about the objects which do seem to you to bear upon the case.
Hopkins: There was this tobacco pouch upon the table.
Holmes: What part of the table?
Hopkins: It lay in the middle. It was of coarse seal-skin--the straight-haired skin, with a leather thong to bind it. Inside was 'P.C.' on the flap. There was half an ounce of strong ship's tobacco in it.
Holmes: Excellent! What more?
Hopkins: They appear to be lists of Stock Exchange securities. I thought that 'J.H.N.' were the initials of a broker, and that 'C.P.R.' may have been his client.
Holmes: Try Canadian Pacific Railway.
###
Holmes: Try Canadian Pacific Railway.
Hopkins: What a fool I have been! Of course, it is as you say. Then 'J.H.N.' are the only initials we have to solve. I have already examined the old Stock Exchange lists, and I can find no one in 1883 either in the House or among the outside brokers whose initials correspond with these. Yet I feel that the clue is the most important one that I hold. You will admit, Mr. Holmes, that there is a possibility that these initials are those of the second person who was present--in other words, of the murderer. I would also urge that the introduction into the case of a document relating to large masses of valuable securities gives us for the first time some indication of a motive for the crime.
Holmes: I must admit both your points. I confess that this note-book, which did not appear at the inquest, modifies any views which I may have formed. I had come to a theory of the crime in which I can find no place for this. Have you endeavoured to trace any of the securities here mentioned?
Hopkins: Inquiries are now being made at the offices, but I fear that the complete register of the stockholders of these South American concerns is in South America, and that some weeks must elapse before we can trace the shares.
Holmes: Surely there is some discolouration here.
Hopkins: Yes, sir, it is a blood-stain. I told you that I picked the book off the floor.
Holmes: Was the blood stain above or below?
Hopkins: On the side next the boards.
Holmes: Which proves, of course, that the book was dropped after the crime was committed.
Hopkins: Exactly, Mr. Holmes. I appreciated that point, and I conjectured that it was dropped by the murderer in his hurried flight. It lay near the door.
###
Holmes: Which proves, of course, that the book was dropped after the crime was committed.
Inspector: Exactly, Mr. Holmes. I appreciated that point, and I conjectured that it was dropped by the murderer in his hurried flight. It lay near the door.
Holmes: I suppose that none of these securities have been found among the property of the dead man?
Inspector: No, sir.
Holmes: Have you any reason to suspect robbery?
Inspector: No, sir. Nothing seemed to have been touched.
Holmes: Dear me, it is certainly a very interesting case. Then there was a knife, was there not?
Inspector: A sheath-knife, still in its sheath. It lay at the feet of the dead man. Mrs. Carey has identified it as being her husband's property.
Holmes: Well, I suppose I shall have to come out and have a look at it.
Hopkins: Thank you, sir. That will indeed be a weight off my mind.
Holmes: It would have been an easier task a week ago. But even now my visit may not be entirely fruitless. Watson, if you can spare the time I should be very glad of your company. If you will call a four-wheeler, Hopkins, we shall be ready to start for Forest Row in a quarter of an hour.
###
Holmes: Someone has been tampering with it.
Holmes: Someone has tried to force this also. Whoever it was has failed to make his way in. He must have been a very poor burglar.
Inspector: This is a most extraordinary thing, I could swear that these marks were not here yesterday evening.
Watson: Some curious person from the village, perhaps.
Inspector: Very unlikely. Few of them would dare to set foot in the grounds, far less try to force their way into the cabin. What do you think of it, Mr. Holmes?
Holmes: I think that fortune is very kind to us.
Inspector: You mean that the person will come again?
Holmes: It is very probable. He came expecting to find the door open. He tried to get in with the blade of a very small penknife. He could not manage it. What would he do?
Inspector: Come again next night with a more useful tool.
Holmes: So I should say. It will be our fault if we are not there to receive him. Meanwhile, let me see the inside of the cabin.
Holmes: Have you taken anything off this shelf, Hopkins?
Hopkins: No; I have moved nothing.
Holmes: Something has been taken. There is less dust in this corner of the shelf than elsewhere. It may have been a book lying on its side. It may have been a box. Well, well, I can do nothing more. Let us walk in these beautiful woods, Watson, and give a few hours to the birds and the flowers. We shall meet you here later, Hopkins, and see if we can come to closer quarters with the gentleman who has paid this visit in the night.
###
Watson: It was past eleven o'clock when we formed our little ambuscade.
Hopkins: Hopkins was for leaving the door of the hut open, but Holmes was of the opinion that this would rouse the suspicions of the stranger.
Holmes: The lock was a perfectly simple one, and only a strong blade was needed to push it back. Holmes also suggested that we should wait, not inside the hut, but outside it among the bushes which grew round the farther window. In this way we should be able to watch our man if he struck a light, and see what his object was in this stealthy nocturnal visit.
Watson: It was a long and melancholy vigil, and yet brought with it something of the thrill which the hunter feels when he lies beside the water pool and waits for the coming of the thirsty beast of prey. What savage creature was it which might steal upon us out of the darkness? Was it a fierce tiger of crime, which could only be taken fighting hard with flashing fang and claw, or would it prove to be some skulking jackal, dangerous only to the weak and unguarded?
Watson: In absolute silence we crouched amongst the bushes, waiting for whatever might come. At first the steps of a few belated villagers, or the sound of voices from the village, lightened our vigil; but one by one these interruptions died away and an absolute stillness fell upon us, save for the chimes of the distant church, which told us of the progress of the night, and for the rustle and whisper of a fine rain falling amid the foliage which roofed us in.
###
Stanley Hopkins: Now, my fine fellow, who are you, and what do you want here?
John Hopley Neligan: You are detectives, I suppose? You imagine I am connected with the death of Captain Peter Carey. I assure you that I am innocent.
Stanley Hopkins: We'll see about that. First of all, what is your name?
John Hopley Neligan: It is John Hopley Neligan.
Stanley Hopkins: What are you doing here?
John Hopley Neligan: Can I speak confidentially?
Stanley Hopkins: No, certainly not. Why should I tell you? If you have no answer it may go badly with you at the trial.
John Hopley Neligan: Well, I will tell you. Why should I not? And yet I hate to think of this old scandal gaining a new lease of life. Did you ever hear of Dawson and Neligan?
Holmes: You mean the West-country bankers. They failed for a million, ruined half the county families of Cornwall, and Neligan disappeared.
John Hopley Neligan: Exactly. Neligan was my father.
###
Unknown: Where did you get it? I did not know. I thought I had lost it at the hotel.
Hopkins: That is enough. Whatever else you have to say you must say in court. You will walk down with me now to the police-station. Well, Mr. Holmes, I am very much obliged to you and to your friend for coming down to help me. As it turns out your presence was unnecessary, and I would have brought the case to this successful issue without you; but none the less I am very grateful. Rooms have been reserved for you at the Brambletye Hotel, so we can all walk down to the village together.
Holmes: Well, Watson, what do you think of it?
Watson: I can see that you are not satisfied.
Holmes: Oh, yes, my dear Watson, I am perfectly satisfied. At the same time Stanley Hopkins's methods do not commend themselves to me. I am disappointed in Stanley Hopkins. I had hoped for better things from him. One should always look for a possible alternative and provide against it. It is the first rule of criminal investigation.
Watson: What, then, is the alternative?
Holmes: The line of investigation which I have myself been pursuing. It may give us nothing. I cannot tell. But at least I shall follow it to the end.
###
Holmes: Excellent, Watson. The alternative develops. Have you telegraph forms? Just write a couple of messages for me: 'Sumner, Shipping Agent, Ratcliff Highway. Send three men on, to arrive ten to-morrow morning.--Basil.' That's my name in those parts. The other is: 'Inspector Stanley Hopkins, 46, Lord Street, Brixton. Come breakfast to-morrow at nine-thirty. Important. Wire if unable to come.--Sherlock Holmes.' There, Watson, this infernal case has haunted me for ten days. I hereby banish it completely from my presence. To-morrow I trust that we shall hear the last of it for ever.
Holmes: You really think that your solution must be correct?
Hopkins: I could not imagine a more complete case.
Holmes: It did not seem to me conclusive.
Hopkins: You astonish me, Mr. Holmes. What more could one ask for?
Holmes: Does your explanation cover every point?
###
Holmes: You really think that your solution must be correct?
Watson: I could not imagine a more complete case.
Holmes: It did not seem to me conclusive.
Watson: You astonish me, Mr. Holmes. What more could one ask for?
Holmes: Does your explanation cover every point?
Watson: Undoubtedly. I find that young Neligan arrived at the Brambletye Hotel on the very day of the crime. He came on the pretence of playing golf. His room was on the ground-floor, and he could get out when he liked. That very night he went down to Woodman's Lee, saw Peter Carey at the hut, quarrelled with him, and killed him with the harpoon. Then, horrified by what he had done, he fled out of the hut, dropping the note-book which he had brought with him in order to question Peter Carey about these different securities. You may have observed that some of them were marked with ticks, and the others--the great majority--were not. Those which are ticked have been traced on the London market; but the others presumably were still in the possession of Carey, and young Neligan, according to his own account, was anxious to recover them in order to do the right thing by his father's creditors. After his flight he did not dare to approach the hut again for some time; but at last he forced himself to do so in order to obtain the information which he needed. Surely that is all simple and obvious?
Holmes: Holmes smiled and shook his head.
###
Holmes: It seems to me to have only one drawback, Hopkins, and that is that it is intrinsically impossible. Have you tried to drive a harpoon through a body? No? Tut, tut, my dear sir, you must really pay attention to these details. My friend Watson could tell you that I spent a whole morning in that exercise. It is no easy matter, and requires a strong and practised arm. But this blow was delivered with such violence that the head of the weapon sank deep into the wall. Do you imagine that this anaemic youth was capable of so frightful an assault? Is he the man who hobnobbed in rum and water with Black Peter in the dead of the night? Was it his profile that was seen on the blind two nights before? No, no, Hopkins; it is another and a more formidable person for whom we must seek.
Hopkins: You can't deny that Neligan was present that night, Mr. Holmes. The book will prove that. I fancy that I have evidence enough to satisfy a jury, even if you are able to pick a hole in it. Besides, Mr. Holmes, I have laid my hand upon my man. As to this terrible person of yours, where is he?
Holmes: I rather fancy that he is on the stair. I think, Watson, that you would do well to put that revolver where you can reach it. Now we are ready.
Mrs. Hudson: There are three men inquiring for Captain Basil.
Holmes: Show them in one by one.
-: The first who entered was a little ribston-pippin of a man, with ruddy cheeks and fluffy white side-whiskers. Holmes had drawn a letter from his pocket. What name? James Lancaster.
###
Holmes: Show them in one by one.
Holmes: What name?
Lancaster: James Lancaster.
Holmes: I am sorry, Lancaster, but the berth is full. Here is half a sovereign for your trouble. Just step into this room and wait there for a few minutes.
Holmes: Your name?
Pattins: Hugh Pattins.
Holmes: The berth is full. Here is half a sovereign for your trouble. Just step into this room and wait there for a few minutes.
Holmes: Your name?
Cairns: Patrick Cairns.
Holmes: Harpooner?
Cairns: Yes, sir. Twenty-six voyages.
Holmes: Dundee, I suppose?
Cairns: Yes, sir.
Holmes: And ready to start with an exploring ship?
Cairns: Yes, sir.
Holmes: What wages?
Cairns: Eight pounds a month.
Holmes: Could you start at once?
Cairns: As soon as I get my kit.
Holmes: Have you your papers?
Cairns: Yes, sir.
Holmes: You are just the man I want. Here's the agreement on the side-table. If you sign it the whole matter will be settled.
Cairns: Shall I sign here?
Holmes: This will do.
###
Seaman: Shall I sign here?
Holmes: This will do.
Seaman: I must really apologize, Hopkins. I fear that the scrambled eggs are cold. However, you will enjoy the rest of your breakfast all the better, will you not, for the thought that you have brought your case to a triumphant conclusion.
Hopkins: I don't know what to say, Mr. Holmes. It seems to me that I have been making a fool of myself from the beginning. I understand now, what I should never have forgotten, that I am the pupil and you are the master. Even now I see what you have done, but I don't know how you did it, or what it signifies.
Holmes: We all learn by experience, and your lesson this time is that you should never lose sight of the alternative. You were so absorbed in young Neligan that you could not spare a thought to Patrick Cairns, the true murderer of Peter Carey.
###
Seaman: See here, mister, I make no complaint of being man-handled in this fashion, but I would have you call things by their right names. You say I murdered Peter Carey; I say I killed Peter Carey, and there's all the difference. Maybe you don't believe what I say. Maybe you think I am just slinging you a yarn.
Holmes: Not at all, Let us hear what you have to say.
Seaman: It's soon told, and, by the Lord, every word of it is truth. I knew Black Peter, and when he pulled out his knife I whipped a harpoon through him sharp, for I knew that it was him or me. That's how he died. You can call it murder. Anyhow, I'd as soon die with a rope round my neck as with Black Peter's knife in my heart.
Holmes: How came you there?
Seaman: I'll tell it you from the beginning. Just sit me up a little so as I can speak easy. It was in '83 that it happened--August of that year. Peter Carey was master of the Sea Unicorn, and I was spare harpooner. We were coming out of the ice-pack on our way home, with head winds and a week's southerly gale, when we picked up a little craft that had been blown north. There was one man on her--a landsman. The crew had thought she would founder, and had made for the Norwegian coast in the dinghy. I guess they were all drowned. Well, we took him on board, this man, and he and the skipper had some long talks in the cabin. All the baggage we took off with him was one tin box. So far as I know, the man's name was never mentioned, and on the second night he disappeared as if he had never been. It was given out that he had either thrown himself overboard or fallen overboard in the heavy weather that we were having. Only one man knew what had happened to him, and that was me, for with my own eyes I saw the skipper tip up his heels and put him over the rail in the middle watch of a dark night, two days before we sighted the Shetland lights.
###
Watson: Now I'll tell you the queerest part of the whole story. I had hardly got outside the hut when I heard someone coming, and I hid among the bushes. A man came slinking along, went into the hut, gave a cry as if he had seen a ghost, and legged it as hard as he could run until he was out of sight. Who he was or what he wanted is more than I can tell. For my part I walked ten miles, got a train at Tunbridge Wells, and so reached London, and no one the wiser.
Watson: Well, when I came to examine the box I found there was no money in it, and nothing but papers that I would not dare to sell. I had lost my hold on Black Peter, and was stranded in London without a shilling. There was only my trade left. I saw these advertisements about harpooners and high wages, so I went to the shipping agents, and they sent me here. That's all I know, and I say again that if I killed Black Peter the law should give me thanks, for I saved them the price of a hempen rope.
Holmes: A very clear statement, I think, Hopkins, that you should lose no time in conveying your prisoner to a place of safety. This room is not well adapted for a cell, and Mr. Patrick Cairns occupies too large a proportion of our carpet.
Hopkins: Mr. Holmes, I do not know how to express my gratitude. Even now I do not understand how you attained this result.
###
Hopkins: Mr. Holmes, I do not know how to express my gratitude. Even now I do not understand how you attained this result.
Holmes: Simply by having the good fortune to get the right clue from the beginning. It is very possible if I had known about this note-book it might have led away my thoughts, as it did yours. But all I heard pointed in the one direction. The amazing strength, the skill in the use of the harpoon, the rum and water, the seal-skin tobacco-pouch, with the coarse tobacco--all these pointed to a seaman, and one who had been a whaler. I was convinced that the initials 'P.C.' upon the pouch were a coincidence, and not those of Peter Carey, since he seldom smoked, and no pipe was found in his cabin. You remember that I asked whether whisky and brandy were in the cabin. You said they were. How many landsmen are there who would drink rum when they could get these other spirits? Yes, I was certain it was a seaman.
Hopkins: And how did you find him?
Holmes: My dear sir, the problem had become a very simple one. If it were a seaman, it could only be a seaman who had been with him on the Sea Unicorn. So far as I could learn he had sailed in no other ship. I spent three days in wiring to Dundee, and at the end of that time I had ascertained the names of the crew of the Sea Unicorn in 1883. When I found Patrick Cairns among the harpooners my research was nearing its end. I argued that the man was probably in London, and that he would desire to leave the country for a time. I therefore spent some days in the East-end, devised an Arctic expedition, put forth tempting terms for harpooners who would serve under Captain Basil--and behold the result!
Hopkins: Wonderful! Wonderful!
###
Hopkins: Wonderful! Wonderful!
Holmes: You must obtain the release of young Neligan as soon as possible. I confess that I think you owe him some apology. The tin box must be returned to him, but, of course, the securities which Peter Carey has sold are lost forever. There's the cab, Hopkins, and you can remove your man. If you want me for the trial, my address and that of Watson will be somewhere in Norway--I'll send particulars later.
Watson: Who is he?
Holmes: The worst man in London. Is anything on the back of the card? Will call at 6.30- C.A.M.
###
Watson: Who is he?
Holmes: The worst man in London. Is anything on the back of the card?
Watson: Will call at 6.30- C.A.M.
Holmes: Hum! He's about due. Do you feel a creeping, shrinking sensation, Watson, when you stand before the serpents in the Zoo and see the slithery, gliding, venomous creatures, with their deadly eyes and wicked, flattened faces? Well, that's how Milverton impresses me. I've had to do with fifty murderers in my career, but the worst of them never gave me the repulsion which I have for this fellow. And yet I can't get out of doing business with him--indeed, he is here at my invitation.
Watson: But who is he?
###
Holmes: But who is he?
Watson: I'll tell you, Watson. He is the king of all the blackmailers. Heaven help the man, and still more the woman, whose secret and reputation come into the power of Milverton. With a smiling face and a heart of marble he will squeeze and squeeze until he has drained them dry. The fellow is a genius in his way, and would have made his mark in some more savoury trade. His method is as follows: He allows it to be known that he is prepared to pay very high sums for letters which compromise people of wealth or position. He receives these wares not only from treacherous valets or maids, but frequently from genteel ruffians who have gained the confidence and affection of trusting women. He deals with no niggard hand. I happen to know that he paid seven hundred pounds to a footman for a note two lines in length, and that the ruin of a noble family was the result. Everything which is in the market goes to Milverton, and there are hundreds in this great city who turn white at his name. No one knows where his grip may fall, for he is far too rich and far too cunning to work from hand to mouth. He will hold a card back for years in order to play it at the moment when the stake is best worth winning. I have said that he is the worst man in London, and I would ask you how could one compare the ruffian who in hot blood bludgeons his mate with this man, who methodically and at his leisure tortures the soul and wrings the nerves in order to add to his already swollen money-bags?
Holmes: I had seldom heard my friend speak with such intensity of feeling.
Watson: But surely, the fellow must be within the grasp of the law?
Holmes: Technically, no doubt, but practically not. What would it profit a woman, for example, to get him a few months' imprisonment if her own ruin must immediately follow? His victims dare not hit back. If ever he blackmailed an innocent person, then, indeed, we should have him; but he is as cunning as the Evil One. No, no; we must find other ways to fight him.
Watson: And why is he here?
###
Holmes: And why is he here?
Holmes: Because an illustrious client has placed her piteous case in my hands. It is the Lady Eva Brackwell, the most beautiful debutante of last season. She is to be married in a fortnight to the Earl of Dovercourt. This fiend has several imprudent letters--imprudent, Watson, nothing worse--which were written to an impecunious young squire in the country. They would suffice to break off the match. Milverton will send the letters to the Earl unless a large sum of money is paid him. I have been commissioned to meet him, and--to make the best terms I can.
Holmes: This gentleman? Is it discreet? Is it right?
Watson: Dr. Watson is my friend and partner.
Milverton: Very good, Mr. Holmes. It is only in your client's interests that I protested. The matter is so very delicate--
Holmes: Dr. Watson has already heard of it.
###
Holmes: Dr. Watson is my friend and partner.
Watson: Very good, Mr. Holmes. It is only in your client's interests that I protested. The matter is so very delicate--
Holmes: Dr. Watson has already heard of it.
Milverton: Then we can proceed to business. You say that you are acting for Lady Eva. Has she empowered you to accept my terms?
Holmes: What are your terms?
Milverton: Seven thousand pounds.
Holmes: And the alternative?
Milverton: My dear sir, it is painful for me to discuss it; but if the money is not paid on the 14th there certainly will be no marriage on the 18th. His insufferable smile was more complacent than ever.
Holmes: You appear to me, he said, at last, to be taking matters too much for granted. I am, of course, familiar with the contents of these letters. My client will certainly do what I may advise. I shall counsel her to tell her future husband the whole story and to trust to his generosity.
Milverton: You evidently do not know the Earl, said he.
Holmes: What harm is there in the letters? he asked.
Milverton: They are sprightly--very sprightly, Milverton answered. The lady was a charming correspondent. But I can assure you that the Earl of Dovercourt would fail to appreciate them. However, since you think otherwise, we will let it rest at that. It is purely a matter of business. If you think that it is in the best interests of your client that these letters should be placed in the hands of the Earl, then you would indeed be foolish to pay so large a sum of money to regain them. He rose and seized his astrachan coat.
Holmes: Wait a little, he said. You go too fast. We would certainly make every effort to avoid scandal in so delicate a matter.
Milverton: I was sure that you would see it in that light, he purred.
###
Holmes: Wait a little, You go too fast. We would certainly make every effort to avoid scandal in so delicate a matter.
Milverton: I was sure that you would see it in that light.
Holmes: At the same time, Lady Eva is not a wealthy woman. I assure you that two thousand pounds would be a drain upon her resources, and that the sum you name is utterly beyond her power. I beg, therefore, that you will moderate your demands, and that you will return the letters at the price I indicate, which is, I assure you, the highest that you can get.
Milverton: I am aware that what you say is true about the lady's resources. At the same time, you must admit that the occasion of a lady's marriage is a very suitable time for her friends and relatives to make some little effort upon her behalf. They may hesitate as to an acceptable wedding present. Let me assure them that this little bundle of letters would give more joy than all the candelabra and butter-dishes in London.
Holmes: It is impossible.
###
Holmes: It is impossible.
Milverton: Dear me, dear me, how unfortunate! I cannot help thinking that ladies are ill-advised in not making an effort. Look at this! That belongs to--well, perhaps it is hardly fair to tell the name until tomorrow morning. But at that time it will be in the hands of the lady's husband. And all because she will not find a beggarly sum which she could get by turning her diamonds into paste. It is such a pity. Now, you remember the sudden end of the engagement between the Honourable Miss Miles and Colonel Dorking? Only two days before the wedding there was a paragraph in the Morning Post to say that it was all off. And why? It is almost incredible, but the absurd sum of twelve hundred pounds would have settled the whole question. Is it not pitiful? And here I find you, a man of sense, boggling about terms when your client's future and honour are at stake. You surprise me, Mr. Holmes.
Holmes: What I say is true. The money cannot be found. Surely it is better for you to take the substantial sum which I offer than to ruin this woman's career, which can profit you in no way?
Milverton: There you make a mistake, Mr. Holmes. An exposure would profit me indirectly to a considerable extent. I have eight or ten similar cases maturing. If it was circulated among them that I had made a severe example of the Lady Eva I should find all of them much more open to reason. You see my point?
Holmes: Get behind him, Watson! Don't let him out! Now, sir, let us see the contents of that note-book.
###
Holmes: Get behind him, Watson! Don't let him out! Now, sir, let us see the contents of that note-book.
Milverton: Mr. Holmes, Mr. Holmes, I have been expecting you to do something original. This has been done so often, and what good has ever come from it? I assure you that I am armed to the teeth, and I am perfectly prepared to use my weapons, knowing that the law will support me. Besides, your supposition that I would bring the letters here in a note-book is entirely mistaken. I would do nothing so foolish. And now, gentlemen, I have one or two little interviews this evening, and it is a long drive to Hampstead.
Holmes: I'll be back some time, Watson.
###
Watson: You would not call me a marrying man, Watson?
Watson: No, indeed!
Watson: My dear fellow! I congrat--
Holmes: To Milverton's housemaid.
Watson: Good heavens, Holmes!
Holmes: I wanted information, Watson.
Watson: Surely you have gone too far?
Holmes: It was a most necessary step. I am a plumber with a rising business, Escott by name. I have walked out with her each evening, and I have talked with her. Good heavens, those talks! However, I have got all I wanted. I know Milverton's house as I know the palm of my hand.
Watson: But the girl, Holmes?
Holmes: You can't help it, my dear Watson. You must play your cards as best you can when such a stake is on the table. However, I rejoice to say that I have a hated rival who will certainly cut me out the instant that my back is turned. What a splendid night it is!
Watson: You like this weather?
Holmes: It suits my purpose. Watson, I mean to burgle Milverton's house to-night.
Watson: For Heaven's sake, Holmes, think what you are doing,
###
Watson: For Heaven's sake, Holmes, think what you are doing.
Holmes: My dear fellow, I have given it every consideration. I am never precipitate in my actions, nor would I adopt so energetic and indeed so dangerous a course if any other were possible. Let us look at the matter clearly and fairly. I suppose that you will admit that the action is morally justifiable, though technically criminal. To burgle his house is no more than to forcibly take his pocket-book--an action in which you were prepared to aid me.
Watson: Yes, it is morally justifiable so long as our object is to take no articles save those which are used for an illegal purpose.
Holmes: Exactly. Since it is morally justifiable I have only to consider the question of personal risk. Surely a gentleman should not lay much stress upon this when a lady is in most desperate need of his help?
Watson: You will be in such a false position.
Holmes: Well, that is part of the risk. There is no other possible way of regaining these letters. The unfortunate lady has not the money, and there are none of her people in whom she could confide. To-morrow is the last day of grace, and unless we can get the letters to-night this villain will be as good as his word and will bring about her ruin. I must, therefore, abandon my client to her fate or I must play this last card. Between ourselves, Watson, it's a sporting duel between this fellow Milverton and me. He had, as you saw, the best of the first exchanges; but my self-respect and my reputation are concerned to fight it to a finish.
Watson: Well, I don't like it; but I suppose it must be. When do we start?
Holmes: You are not coming.
Watson: Then you are not going. I give you my word of honour--and I never broke it in my life--that I will take a cab straight to the police-station and give you away unless you let me share this adventure with you.
Holmes: You can't help me.
###
Watson: Then you are not going, I give you my word of honour--and I never broke it in my life--that I will take a cab straight to the police-station and give you away unless you let me share this adventure with you.
Holmes: You can't help me.
Watson: How do you know that? You can't tell what may happen. Anyway, my resolution is taken. Other people beside you have self-respect and even reputations.
Holmes: Well, well, my dear fellow, be it so. We have shared the same room for some years, and it would be amusing if we ended by sharing the same cell. You know, Watson, I don't mind confessing to you that I have always had an idea that I would have made a highly efficient criminal. This is the chance of my lifetime in that direction. See here! This is a first-class, up-to-date burgling kit, with nickel-plated jemmy, diamond-tipped glass-cutter, adaptable keys, and every modern improvement which the march of civilization demands. Here, too, is my dark lantern. Everything is in order. Have you a pair of silent shoes?
Watson: I have rubber soled tennis shoes.
Holmes: Excellent. And a mask?
Watson: I can make a couple out of black silk.
Holmes: I can see that you have a strong natural turn for this sort of thing. Very good; do you make the masks. We shall have some cold supper before we start. It is now nine-thirty. At eleven we shall drive as far as Church Row. It is a quarter of an hour's walk from there to Appledore Towers. We shall be at work before midnight. Milverton is a heavy sleeper and retires punctually at ten-thirty. With any luck we should be back here by two, with the Lady Eva's letters in my pocket.
###
Holmes: It's a business that needs delicate treatment. These documents are contained in a safe in the fellow's study, and the study is the ante-room of his bed-chamber. On the other hand, like all these stout, little men who do themselves well, he is a plethoric sleeper. Agatha--that's my fiancee--says it is a joke in the servants' hall that it's impossible to wake the master. He has a secretary who is devoted to his interests and never budges from the study all day. That's why we are going at night. Then he has a beast of a dog which roams the garden. I met Agatha late the last two evenings, and she locks the brute up so as to give me a clear run. This is the house, this big one in its own grounds. Through the gate--now to the right among the laurels. We might put on our masks here, I think. You see, there is not a glimmer of light in any of the windows, and everything is working splendidly.
Holmes: That's his bedroom. This door opens straight into the study. It would suit us best, but it is bolted as well as locked, and we should make too much noise getting in. Come round here. There's a greenhouse which opens into the drawing-room.
###
Holmes: The place was locked, but Holmes removed a circle of glass and turned the key from the inside. An instant afterwards he had closed the door behind us, and we had become felons in the eyes of the law. The thick, warm air of the conservatory and the rich, choking fragrance of exotic plants took us by the throat. He seized my hand in the darkness and led me swiftly past banks of shrubs which brushed against our faces. Holmes had remarkable powers, carefully cultivated, of seeing in the dark. Still holding my hand in one of his he opened a door, and I was vaguely conscious that we had entered a large room in which a cigar had been smoked not long before. He felt his way among the furniture, opened another door, and closed it behind us. Putting out my hand I felt several coats hanging from the wall, and I understood that I was in a passage. We passed along it, and Holmes very gently opened a door upon the right-hand side. Something rushed out at us and my heart sprang into my mouth, but I could have laughed when I realized that it was the cat. A fire was burning in this new room, and again the air was heavy with tobacco smoke. Holmes entered on tiptoe, waited for me to follow, and then very gently closed the door. We were in Milverton's study, and a portiere at the farther side showed the entrance to his bedroom.
###
Holmes: I don't like it, I can't quite make it out. Anyhow, we have no time to lose.
Watson: Can I do anything?
Holmes: Yes, stand by the door. If you hear anyone come, bolt it on the inside, and we can get away as we came. If they come the other way, we can get through the door if our job is done, or hide behind these window curtains if it is not. Do you understand?
###
Holmes: Yes; stand by the door. If you hear anyone come, bolt it on the inside, and we can get away as we came. If they come the other way, we can get through the door if our job is done, or hide behind these window curtains if it is not. Do you understand?
Watson: I nodded and stood by the door. My first feeling of fear had passed away, and I thrilled now with a keener zest than I had ever enjoyed when we were the defenders of the law instead of its defiers. The high object of our mission, the consciousness that it was unselfish and chivalrous, the villainous character of our opponent, all added to the sporting interest of the adventure. Far from feeling guilty, I rejoiced and exulted in our dangers. With a glow of admiration I watched Holmes unrolling his case of instruments and choosing his tool with the calm, scientific accuracy of a surgeon who performs a delicate operation. I knew that the opening of safes was a particular hobby with him, and I understood the joy which it gave him to be confronted with this green and gold monster, the dragon which held in its maw the reputations of many fair ladies. Turning up the cuffs of his dress-coat--he had placed his overcoat on a chair--Holmes laid out two drills, a jemmy, and several skeleton keys. I stood at the centre door with my eyes glancing at each of the others, ready for any emergency; though, indeed, my plans were somewhat vague as to what I should do if we were interrupted. For half an hour Holmes worked with concentrated energy, laying down one tool, picking up another, handling each with the strength and delicacy of the trained mechanic.
###
Watson: I could not have believed that an alarm could have spread so swiftly. Looking back, the huge house was one blaze of light. The front door was open, and figures were rushing down the drive. The whole garden was alive with people, and one fellow raised a view-halloa as we emerged from the veranda and followed hard at our heels. Holmes seemed to know the ground perfectly, and he threaded his way swiftly among a plantation of small trees, I close at his heels, and our foremost pursuer panting behind us. It was a six-foot wall which barred our path, but he sprang to the top and over. As I did the same I felt the hand of the man behind me grab at my ankle; but I kicked myself free and scrambled over a glass-strewn coping. I fell upon my face among some bushes; but Holmes had me on my feet in an instant, and together we dashed away across the huge expanse of Hampstead Heath. We had run two miles, I suppose, before Holmes at last halted and listened intently. All was absolute silence behind us. We had shaken off our pursuers and were safe.
Lestrade: Good morning, Mr. Holmes, good morning. May I ask if you are very busy just now?
Holmes: Not too busy to listen to you.
Lestrade: I thought that, perhaps, if you had nothing particular on hand, you might care to assist us in a most remarkable case which occurred only last night at Hampstead.
Holmes: Dear me! What was that?
###
Holmes: Not too busy to listen to you.
Watson: I thought that, perhaps, if you had nothing particular on hand, you might care to assist us in a most remarkable case which occurred only last night at Hampstead.
Holmes: Dear me! What was that?
Watson: A murder--a most dramatic and remarkable murder. I know how keen you are upon these things, and I would take it as a great favour if you would step down to Appledore Towers and give us the benefit of your advice. It is no ordinary crime. We have had our eyes upon this Mr. Milverton for some time, and, between ourselves, he was a bit of a villain. He is known to have held papers which he used for blackmailing purposes. These papers have all been burned by the murderers. No article of value was taken, as it is probable that the criminals were men of good position, whose sole object was to prevent social exposure.
Holmes: Criminals! Plural!
Watson: Yes, there were two of them. They were, as nearly as possible, captured red-handed. We have their foot-marks, we have their description; it's ten to one that we trace them. The first fellow was a bit too active, but the second was caught by the under-gardener and only got away after a struggle. He was a middle-sized, strongly-built man--square jaw, thick neck, moustache, a mask over his eyes.
Holmes: That's rather vague. Why, it might be a description of Watson!
Watson: It's true. It might be a description of Watson.
Holmes: Well, I am afraid I can't help you, Lestrade. The fact is that I knew this fellow Milverton, that I considered him one of the most dangerous men in London, and that I think there are certain crimes which the law cannot touch, and which therefore, to some extent, justify private revenge. No, it's no use arguing. I have made up my mind. My sympathies are with the criminals rather than with the victim, and I will not handle this case.
###
Watson: By Jove, Watson; I've got it! Take your hat! Come with me!
Watson: It was no very unusual thing for Mr. Lestrade, of Scotland Yard, to look in upon us of an evening, and his visits were welcome to Sherlock Holmes, for they enabled him to keep in touch with all that was going on at the police head-quarters. In return for the news which Lestrade would bring, Holmes was always ready to listen with attention to the details of any case upon which the detective was engaged, and was able occasionally, without any active interference, to give some hint or suggestion drawn from his own vast knowledge and experience.
Holmes: Anything remarkable on hand?
###
Watson: Anything remarkable on hand?
Holmes: Oh, no, Mr. Holmes, nothing very particular. Then tell me about it.
Lestrade: Well, Mr. Holmes, there is no use denying that there is something on my mind. And yet it is such an absurd business that I hesitated to bother you about it. On the other hand, although it is trivial, it is undoubtedly queer, and I know that you have a taste for all that is out of the common. But in my opinion it comes more in Dr. Watson's line than ours.
Watson: Disease?
Lestrade: Madness, anyhow. And a queer madness too! You wouldn't think there was anyone living at this time of day who had such a hatred of Napoleon the First that he would break any image of him that he could see.
Holmes: That's no business of mine.
Lestrade: Exactly. That's what I said. But then, when the man commits burglary in order to break images which are not his own, that brings it away from the doctor and on to the policeman.
Holmes: Burglary! This is more interesting. Let me hear the details.
Lestrade: The first case reported was four days ago. It was at the shop of Morse Hudson, who has a place for the sale of pictures and statues in the Kennington Road. The assistant had left the front shop for an instant when he heard a crash, and hurrying in he found a plaster bust of Napoleon, which stood with several other works of art upon the counter, lying shivered into fragments. He rushed out into the road, but, although several passers-by declared that they had noticed a man run out of the shop, he could neither see anyone nor could he find any means of identifying the rascal. It seemed to be one of those senseless acts of Hooliganism which occur from time to time, and it was reported to the constable on the beat as such. The plaster cast was not worth more than a few shillings, and the whole affair appeared to be too childish for any particular investigation.
###
Watson: The second case, however, was more serious and also more singular. It occurred only last night.
Watson: In Kennington Road, and within a few hundred yards of Morse Hudson's shop, there lives a well-known medical practitioner, named Dr. Barnicot, who has one of the largest practices upon the south side of the Thames. His residence and principal consulting-room is at Kennington Road, but he has a branch surgery and dispensary at Lower Brixton Road, two miles away. This Dr. Barnicot is an enthusiastic admirer of Napoleon, and his house is full of books, pictures, and relics of the French Emperor. Some little time ago he purchased from Morse Hudson two duplicate plaster casts of the famous head of Napoleon by the French sculptor, Devine. One of these he placed in his hall in the house at Kennington Road, and the other on the mantelpiece of the surgery at Lower Brixton. Well, when Dr. Barnicot came down this morning he was astonished to find that his house had been burgled during the night, but that nothing had been taken save the plaster head from the hall. It had been carried out and had been dashed savagely against the garden wall, under which its splintered fragments were discovered.
Holmes: This is certainly very novel.
Watson: I thought it would please you. But I have not got to the end yet. Dr. Barnicot was due at his surgery at twelve o'clock, and you can imagine his amazement when, on arriving there, he found that the window had been opened in the night, and that the broken pieces of his second bust were strewn all over the room. It had been smashed to atoms where it stood. In neither case were there any signs which could give us a clue as to the criminal or lunatic who had done the mischief. Now, Mr. Holmes, you have got the facts.
Holmes: They are singular, not to say grotesque. May I ask whether the two busts smashed in Dr. Barnicot's rooms were the exact duplicates of the one which was destroyed in Morse Hudson's shop?
Watson: They were taken from the same mould.
###
Holmes: They are singular, not to say grotesque. May I ask whether the two busts smashed in Dr. Barnicot's rooms were the exact duplicates of the one which was destroyed in Morse Hudson's shop?
Lestrade: They were taken from the same mould.
Holmes: Such a fact must tell against the theory that the man who breaks them is influenced by any general hatred of Napoleon. Considering how many hundreds of statues of the great Emperor must exist in London, it is too much to suppose such a coincidence as that a promiscuous iconoclast should chance to begin upon three specimens of the same bust.
Lestrade: Well, I thought as you do. On the other hand, this Morse Hudson is the purveyor of busts in that part of London, and these three were the only ones which had been in his shop for years. So, although, as you say, there are many hundreds of statues in London, it is very probable that these three were the only ones in that district. Therefore, a local fanatic would begin with them. What do you think, Dr. Watson?
Watson: There are no limits to the possibilities of monomania. There is the condition which the modern French psychologists have called the 'ide fixe,' which may be trifling in character, and accompanied by complete sanity in every other way. A man who had read deeply about Napoleon, or who had possibly received some hereditary family injury through the great war, might conceivably form such an ide fixe and under its influence be capable of any fantastic outrage.
Holmes: That won't do, my dear Watson, for no amount of ide fixe would enable your interesting monomaniac to find out where these busts were situated.
Watson: Well, how do you explain it?
###
Holmes: That won't do, my dear Watson, for no amount of ide fixe would enable your interesting monomaniac to find out where these busts were situated.
Watson: Well, how do you explain it?
Holmes: I don't attempt to do so. I would only observe that there is a certain method in the gentleman's eccentric proceedings. For example, in Dr. Barnicot's hall, where a sound might arouse the family, the bust was taken outside before being broken, whereas in the surgery, where there was less danger of an alarm, it was smashed where it stood. The affair seems absurdly trifling, and yet I dare call nothing trivial when I reflect that some of my most classic cases have had the least promising commencement. You will remember, Watson, how the dreadful business of the Abernetty family was first brought to my notice by the depth which the parsley had sunk into the butter upon a hot day. I can't afford, therefore, to smile at your three broken busts, Lestrade, and I shall be very much obliged to you if you will let me hear of any fresh developments of so singular a chain of events.
Holmes: What is it, then?
Watson: Don't know--may be anything. But I suspect it is the sequel of the story of the statues. In that case our friend, the image-breaker, has begun operations in another quarter of London. There's coffee on the table, Watson, and I have a cab at the door.
Holmes: Come instantly, 131, Pitt Street, Kensington. Lestrade.
Watson: In half an hour we had reached Pitt Street, a quiet little backwater just beside one of the briskest currents of London life. No. 131 was one of a row, all flat-chested, respectable, and most unromantic dwellings. As we drove up we found the railings in front of the house lined by a curious crowd. Holmes whistled.
###
Watson: By George! it's attempted murder at the least. Nothing less will hold the London message-boy. There's a deed of violence indicated in that fellow's round shoulders and outstretched neck. What's this, Watson? The top steps swilled down and the other ones dry. Footsteps enough, anyhow! Well, well, there's Lestrade at the front window, and we shall soon know all about it.
Lestrade: It's the Napoleon bust business again. You seemed interested last night, Mr. Holmes, so I thought perhaps you would be glad to be present now that the affair has taken a very much graver turn.
Holmes: What has it turned to, then?
Lestrade: To murder. Mr. Harker, will you tell these gentlemen exactly what has occurred?
Mr. Horace Harker: It's an extraordinary thing that all my life I have been collecting other people's news, and now that a real piece of news has come my own way I am so confused and bothered that I can't put two words together. If I had come in here as a journalist I should have interviewed myself and had two columns in every evening paper. As it is I am giving away valuable copy by telling my story over and over to a string of different people, and I can make no use of it myself. However, I've heard your name, Mr. Sherlock Holmes, and if you'll only explain this queer business I shall be paid for my trouble in telling you the story.
Holmes: *sat down and listened.*
###
Watson: It all seems to centre round that bust of Napoleon which I bought for this very room about four months ago. I picked it up cheap from Harding Brothers, two doors from the High Street Station. A great deal of my journalistic work is done at night, and I often write until the early morning. So it was today. I was sitting in my den, which is at the back of the top of the house, about three o'clock, when I was convinced that I heard some sounds downstairs. I listened, but they were not repeated, and I concluded that they came from outside. Then suddenly, about five minutes later, there came a most horrible yell--the most dreadful sound, Mr. Holmes, that ever I heard. It will ring in my ears as long as I live. I sat frozen with horror for a minute or two. Then I seized the poker and went downstairs. When I entered this room I found the window wide open, and I at once observed that the bust was gone from the mantelpiece. Why any burglar should take such a thing passes my understanding, for it was only a plaster cast and of no real value whatever. You can see for yourself that anyone going out through that open window could reach the front doorstep by taking a long stride. This was clearly what the burglar had done, so I went round and opened the door. Stepping out into the dark I nearly fell over a dead man who was lying there. I ran back for a light, and there was the poor fellow, a great gash in his throat and the whole place swimming in blood. He lay on his back, his knees drawn up, and his mouth horribly open. I shall see him in my dreams. I had just time to blow on my police-whistle, and then I must have fainted, for I knew nothing more until I found the policeman standing over me in the hall.
Holmes: Well, who was the murdered man?
###
Holmes: Well, who was the murdered man?
Lestrade: There's nothing to show who he was. You shall see the body at the mortuary, but we have made nothing of it up to now. He is a tall man, sunburned, very powerful, not more than thirty. He is poorly dressed, and yet does not appear to be a labourer. A horn-handled clasp knife was lying in a pool of blood beside him. Whether it was the weapon which did the deed, or whether it belonged to the dead man, I do not know. There was no name on his clothing, and nothing in his pockets save an apple, some string, a shilling map of London, and a photograph. Here it is.
Lestrade: We had news of it just before you came. It has been found in the front garden of an empty house in Campden House Road. It was broken into fragments. I am going round now to see it. Will you come?
Holmes: Certainly. I must just take one look round. The fellow had either very long legs or was a most active man. With an area beneath, it was no mean feat to reach that window-ledge and open that window. Getting back was comparatively simple. Are you coming with us to see the remains of your bust, Mr. Harker?
Harker: I must try and make something of it, though I have no doubt that the first editions of the evening papers are out already with full details. It's like my luck! You remember when the stand fell at Doncaster? Well, I was the only journalist in the stand, and my journal the only one that had no account of it, for I was too shaken to write it. And now I'll be too late with a murder done on my own doorstep.
###
Holmes: Well?
Lestrade: We have a long way to go yet. And yet--and yet--well, we have some suggestive facts to act upon. The possession of this trifling bust was worth more in the eyes of this strange criminal than a human life. That is one point. Then there is the singular fact that he did not break it in the house, or immediately outside the house, if to break it was his sole object.
Holmes: He was rattled and bustled by meeting this other fellow. He hardly knew what he was doing.
Lestrade: Well, that's likely enough. But I wish to call your attention very particularly to the position of this house in the garden of which the bust was destroyed.
Holmes: It was an empty house, and so he knew that he would not be disturbed in the garden.
Lestrade: Yes, but there is another empty house farther up the street which he must have passed before he came to this one. Why did he not break it there, since it is evident that every yard that he carried it increased the risk of someone meeting him?
Lestrade: I give it up.
Holmes: He could see what he was doing here and he could not there. That was his reason.
Lestrade: By Jove! that's true. Now that I come to think of it, Dr. Barnicot's bust was broken not far from his red lamp. Well, Mr. Holmes, what are we to do with that fact?
###
Lestrade: By Jove! that's true. Now that I come to think of it, Dr. Barnicot's bust was broken not far from his red lamp. Well, Mr. Holmes, what are we to do with that fact?
Holmes: To remember it--to docket it. We may come on something later which will bear upon it. What steps do you propose to take now, Lestrade?
Lestrade: The most practical way of getting at it, in my opinion, is to identify the dead man. There should be no difficulty about that. When we have found who he is and who his associates are, we should have a good start in learning what he was doing in Pitt Street last night, and who it was who met him and killed him on the doorstep of Mr. Horace Harker. Don't you think so?
Holmes: No doubt; and yet it is not quite the way in which I should approach the case.
Lestrade: What would you do, then?
Holmes: Oh, you must not let me influence you in any way! I suggest that you go on your line and I on mine. We can compare notes afterwards, and each will supplement the other.
Lestrade: Very good.
Holmes: If you are going back to Pitt Street you might see Mr. Horace Harker. Tell him from me that I have quite made up my mind, and that it is certain that a dangerous homicidal lunatic with Napoleonic delusions was in his house last night. It will be useful for his article.
Lestrade: You don't seriously believe that?
Holmes: Don't I? Well, perhaps I don't. But I am sure that it will interest Mr. Horace Harker and the subscribers of the Central Press Syndicate. Now, Watson, I think that we shall find that we have a long and rather complex day's work before us. I should be glad, Lestrade, if you could make it convenient to meet us at Baker Street at six o'clock this evening. Until then I should like to keep this photograph found in the dead man's pocket. It is possible that I may have to ask your company and assistance upon a small expedition which will have be undertaken to-night, if my chain of reasoning should prove to be correct. Until then, good-bye and good luck!
###
Watson: Well, well, we can't expect to have it all our own way, Watson. We must come back in the afternoon if Mr. Harding will not be here until then. I am, as you have no doubt surmised, endeavouring to trace these busts to their source, in order to find if there is not something peculiar which may account for their remarkable fate. Let us make for Mr. Morse Hudson, of the Kennington Road, and see if he can throw any light upon the problem.
Holmes: A drive of an hour brought us to the picture-dealer's establishment. He was a small, stout man with a red face and a peppery manner.
###
Holmes: Yes, sir. On my very counter, sir. What we pay rates and taxes for I don't know, when any ruffian can come in and break one's goods. Yes, sir, it was I who sold Dr. Barnicot his two statues. Disgraceful, sir! A Nihilist plot, that's what I make it. No one but an Anarchist would go about breaking statues. Red republicans, that's what I call 'em. Who did I get the statues from? I don't see what that has to do with it. Well, if you really want to know, I got them from Gelder & Co., in Church Street, Stepney. They are a well-known house in the trade, and have been this twenty years. How many had I? Three--two and one are three--two of Dr. Barnicot's and one smashed in broad daylight on my own counter. Do I know that photograph? No, I don't. Yes, I do, though. Why, it's Beppo. He was a kind of Italian piece-work man, who made himself useful in the shop. He could carve a bit and gild and frame, and do odd jobs. The fellow left me last week, and I've heard nothing of him since. No, I don't know where he came from nor where he went to. I have nothing against him while he was here. He was gone two days before the bust was smashed.
Holmes: Well, that's all we could reasonably expect to get from Morse Hudson. We have this Beppo as a common factor, both in Kennington and in Kensington, so that is worth a ten-mile drive. Now, Watson, let us make for Gelder & Co., of Stepney, the source and origin of busts. I shall be surprised if we don't get some help down there.
###
Manager: Ah, the rascal! Yes, indeed, I know him very well. This has always been a respectable establishment, and the only time that we have ever had the police in it was over this very fellow. It was more than a year ago now. He knifed another Italian in the street, and then he came to the works with the police on his heels, and he was taken here. Beppo was his name--his second name I never knew. Serve me right for engaging a man with such a face. But he was a good workman, one of the best.
Holmes: What did he get?
Manager: The man lived and he got off with a year. I have no doubt he is out now; but he has not dared to show his nose here. We have a cousin of his here, and I dare say he could tell you where he is.
Holmes: No, no, not a word to the cousin--not a word, I beg you. The matter is very important, and the farther I go with it the more important it seems to grow. When you referred in your ledger to the sale of those casts I observed that the date was June 3rd of last year. Could you give me the date when Beppo was arrested?
Manager: I could tell you roughly by the pay-list. Yes, he was paid last on May 20th.
Holmes: Thank you, I don't think that I need intrude upon your time and patience any more.
###
Holmes: Thank you, I don't think that I need intrude upon your time and patience any more.
Holmes: This is all right, Watson. Listen to this: It is satisfactory to know that there can be no difference of opinion upon this case, since Mr. Lestrade, one of the most experienced members of the official force, and Mr. Sherlock Holmes, the well-known consulting expert, have each come to the conclusion that the grotesque series of incidents, which have ended in so tragic a fashion, arise from lunacy rather than from deliberate crime. No explanation save mental aberration can cover the facts. The Press, Watson, is a most valuable institution if you only know how to use it. And now, if you have quite finished, we will hark back to Kensington and see what the manager of Harding Brothers has to say to the matter.
Manager: The founder of that great emporium proved to be a brisk, crisp little person, very dapper and quick, with a clear head and a ready tongue.
###
Mr. Harding: Yes, sir, I have already read the account in the evening papers. Mr. Horace Harker is a customer of ours. We supplied him with the bust some months ago. We ordered three busts of that sort from Gelder & Co., of Stepney. They are all sold now. To whom? Oh, I dare say by consulting our sales book we could very easily tell you. Yes, we have the entries here. One to Mr. Harker, you see, and one to Mr. Josiah Brown, of Laburnum Lodge, Laburnum Vale, Chiswick, and one to Mr. Sandeford, of Lower Grove Road, Reading. No, I have never seen this face which you show me in the photograph. You would hardly forget it, would you, sir, for I've seldom seen an uglier. Have we any Italians on the staff? Yes, sir, we have several among our workpeople and cleaners. I dare say they might get a peep at that sales book if they wanted to. There is no particular reason for keeping a watch upon that book. Well, well, it's a very strange business, and I hope that you'll let me know if anything comes of your inquiries.
Holmes: We have had a very busy day, and not entirely a wasted one. We have seen both the retailers and also the wholesale manufacturers. I can trace each of the busts now from the beginning.
Watson: Holmes had taken several notes during Mr. Harding's evidence, and I could see that he was thoroughly satisfied by the turn which affairs were taking. He made no remark, however, save that, unless we hurried, we should be late for our appointment with Lestrade. Sure enough, when we reached Baker Street the detective was already there, and we found him pacing up and down in a fever of impatience. His look of importance showed that his day's work had not been in vain.
Lestrade: Well? What luck, Mr. Holmes?
###
Holmes: Well? What luck, Mr. Holmes?
Watson: We have had a very busy day, and not entirely a wasted one. We have seen both the retailers and also the wholesale manufacturers. I can trace each of the busts now from the beginning.
Lestrade: The busts! Well, well, you have your own methods, Mr. Sherlock Holmes, and it is not for me to say a word against them, but I think I have done a better day's work than you. I have identified the dead man.
Holmes: You don't say so?
Lestrade: And found a cause for the crime. We have an inspector who makes a specialty of Saffron Hill and the Italian quarter. Well, this dead man had some Catholic emblem round his neck, and that, along with his colour, made me think he was from the South. Inspector Hill knew him the moment he caught sight of him. His name is Pietro Venucci, from Naples, and he is one of the greatest cut-throats in London. He is connected with the Mafia, which, as you know, is a secret political society, enforcing its decrees by murder. Now you see how the affair begins to clear up. The other fellow is probably an Italian also, and a member of the Mafia. He has broken the rules in some fashion. Pietro is set upon his track. Probably the photograph we found in his pocket is the man himself, so that he may not knife the wrong person. He dogs the fellow, he sees him enter a house, he waits outside for him, and in the scuffle he receives his own death-wound. How is that, Mr. Sherlock Holmes?
Holmes: Excellent, Lestrade, excellent! But I didn't quite follow your explanation of the destruction of the busts.
Lestrade: The busts! You never can get those busts out of your head. After all, that is nothing; petty larceny, six months at the most. It is the murder that we are really investigating, and I tell you that I am gathering all the threads into my hands.
Watson: And the next stage?
###
Holmes: And the next stage?
Watson: Is a very simple one. I shall go down with Hill to the Italian quarter, find the man whose photograph we have got, and arrest him on the charge of murder. Will you come with us?
Holmes: I think not. I fancy we can attain our end in a simpler way. I can't say for certain, because it all depends--well, it all depends upon a factor which is completely outside our control. But I have great hopes--in fact, the betting is exactly two to one--that if you will come with us to-night I shall be able to help you to lay him by the heels.
Holmes: No; I fancy Chiswick is an address which is more likely to find him. If you will come with me to Chiswick to-night, Lestrade, I'll promise to go to the Italian quarter with you to-morrow, and no harm will be done by the delay. And now I think that a few hours' sleep would do us all good, for I do not propose to leave before eleven o'clock, and it is unlikely that we shall be back before morning. You'll dine with us, Lestrade, and then you are welcome to the sofa until it is time for us to start. In the meantime, Watson, I should be glad if you would ring for an express messenger, for I have a letter to send, and it is important that it should go at once.
###
Watson: Holmes spent the evening in rummaging among the files of the old daily papers with which one of our lumber-rooms was packed.
Watson: When at last he descended it was with triumph in his eyes, but he said nothing to either of us as to the result of his researches.
Watson: For my own part, I had followed step by step the methods by which he had traced the various windings of this complex case, and, though I could not yet perceive the goal which we would reach, I understood clearly that Holmes expected this grotesque criminal to make an attempt upon the two remaining busts, one of which, I remembered, was at Chiswick.
Watson: No doubt the object of our journey was to catch him in the very act, and I could not but admire the cunning with which my friend had inserted a wrong clue in the evening paper, so as to give the fellow the idea that he could continue his scheme with impunity.
Watson: I was not surprised when Holmes suggested that I should take my revolver with me. He had himself picked up the loaded hunting-crop which was his favourite weapon.
Watson: A four-wheeler was at the door at eleven, and in it we drove to a spot at the other side of Hammersmith Bridge. Here the cabman was directed to wait. A short walk brought us to a secluded road fringed with pleasant houses, each standing in its own grounds.
Watson: In the light of a street lamp we read "Laburnum Villa" upon the gate-post of one of them. The occupants had evidently retired to rest, for all was dark save for a fanlight over the hall door, which shed a single blurred circle onto the garden path. The wooden fence which separated the grounds from the road threw a dense black shadow upon the inner side, and here it was that we crouched.
Holmes: I fear that you'll have a long wait. We may thank our stars that it is not raining. I don't think we can even venture to smoke to pass the time. However, it's a two to one chance that we get something to pay us for our trouble.
###
Holmes: I fear that you'll have a long wait. We may thank our stars that it is not raining. I don't think we can even venture to smoke to pass the time. However, it's a two to one chance that we get something to pay us for our trouble.
Holmes: Let us get to the open window. We will nab him as he climbs out, Lestrade whispered.
###
Holmes: Mr. Josiah Brown, I suppose?
Brown: Yes, sir; and you, no doubt, are Mr. Sherlock Holmes? I had the note which you sent by the express messenger, and I did exactly what you told me. We locked every door on the inside and awaited developments. Well, I'm very glad to see that you have got the rascal. I hope, gentlemen, that you will come in and have some refreshment.
Lestrade: That's all right. Hill knows all these gentry, and he will give a name to him. You'll find that my theory of the Mafia will work out all right. But I'm sure I am exceedingly obliged to you, Mr. Holmes, for the workmanlike way in which you laid hands upon him. I don't quite understand it all yet.
###
Holmes: I fear it is rather too late an hour for explanations. Besides, there are one or two details which are not finished off, and it is one of those cases which are worth working out to the very end. If you will come round once more to my rooms at six o'clock to-morrow I think I shall be able to show you that even now you have not grasped the entire meaning of this business, which presents some features which make it absolutely original in the history of crime. If ever I permit you to chronicle any more of my little problems, Watson, I foresee that you will enliven your pages by an account of the singular adventure of the Napoleonic busts.
Narrator: When we met again next evening Lestrade was furnished with much information concerning our prisoner. His name, it appeared, was Beppo, second name unknown. He was a well-known ne'er-do-well among the Italian colony. He had once been a skilful sculptor and had earned an honest living, but he had taken to evil courses and had twice already been in jail--once for a petty theft and once, as we had already heard, for stabbing a fellow-countryman. He could talk English perfectly well. His reasons for destroying the busts were still unknown, and he refused to answer any questions upon the subject; but the police had discovered that these same busts might very well have been made by his own hands, since he was engaged in this class of work at the establishment of Gelder & Co. To all this information, much of which we already knew, Holmes listened with polite attention; but I, who knew him so well, could clearly see that his thoughts were elsewhere, and I detected a mixture of mingled uneasiness and expectation beneath that mask which he was wont to assume. At last he started in his chair and his eyes brightened. There had been a ring at the bell. A minute later we heard steps upon the stairs, and an elderly, red-faced man with grizzled side-whiskers was ushered in. In his right hand he carried an old-fashioned carpet-bag, which he placed upon the table.
###
Unknown: Is Mr. Sherlock Holmes here?
Holmes: Mr. Sandeford, of Reading, I suppose?
Sandeford: Yes, sir, I fear that I am a little late; but the trains were awkward. You wrote to me about a bust that is in my possession.
Holmes: Exactly.
Sandeford: I have your letter here. You said, 'I desire to possess a copy of Devine's Napoleon, and am prepared to pay you ten pounds for the one which is in your possession.' Is that right?
Holmes: Certainly.
Sandeford: I was very much surprised at your letter, for I could not imagine how you knew that I owned such a thing.
Holmes: Of course you must have been surprised, but the explanation is very simple. Mr. Harding, of Harding Brothers, said that they had sold you their last copy, and he gave me your address.
Sandeford: Oh, that was it, was it? Did he tell you what I paid for it?
Holmes: No, he did not.
Sandeford: Well, I am an honest man, though not a very rich one. I only gave fifteen shillings for the bust, and I think you ought to know that before I take ten pounds from you.
Holmes: I am sure the scruple does you honour, Mr. Sandeford. But I have named that price, so I intend to stick to it.
Sandeford: Well, it is very handsome of you, Mr. Holmes. I brought the bust up with me, as you asked me to do. Here it is!
Holmes: You will kindly sign that paper, Mr. Sandeford, in the presence of these witnesses. It is simply to say that you transfer every possible right that you ever had in the bust to me. I am a methodical man, you see, and you never know what turn events might take afterwards. Thank you, Mr. Sandeford; here is your money, and I wish you a very good evening.
###
Holmes: Gentlemen, let me introduce you to the famous black pearl of the Borgias.
Lestrade: (clapping)
Watson: (clapping)
###
Holmes: Yes, gentlemen, it is the most famous pearl now existing in the world, and it has been my good fortune, by a connected chain of inductive reasoning, to trace it from the Prince of Colonna's bedroom at the Dacre Hotel, where it was lost, to the interior of this, the last of the six busts of Napoleon which were manufactured by Gelder & Co., of Stepney. You will remember, Lestrade, the sensation caused by the disappearance of this valuable jewel, and the vain efforts of the London police to recover it. I was myself consulted upon the case; but I was unable to throw any light upon it. Suspicion fell upon the maid of the Princess, who was an Italian, and it was proved that she had a brother in London, but we failed to trace any connection between them. The maid's name was Lucretia Venucci, and there is no doubt in my mind that this Pietro who was murdered two nights ago was the brother. I have been looking up the dates in the old files of the paper, and I find that the disappearance of the pearl was exactly two days before the arrest of Beppo for some crime of violence, an event which took place in the factory of Gelder & Co., at the very moment when these busts were being made. Now you clearly see the sequence of events, though you see them, of course, in the inverse order to the way in which they presented themselves to me. Beppo had the pearl in his possession. He may have stolen it from Pietro, he may have been Pietro's confederate, he may have been the go-between of Pietro and his sister. It is of no consequence to us which is the correct solution.
###
Holmes: If he was his confederate why should he carry his photograph?
Holmes: As a means of tracing him if he wished to inquire about him from any third person. That was the obvious reason. Well, after the murder I calculated that Beppo would probably hurry rather than delay his movements. He would fear that the police would read his secret, and so he hastened on before they should get ahead of him. Of course, I could not say that he had not found the pearl in Harker's bust. I had not even concluded for certain that it was the pearl; but it was evident to me that he was looking for something, since he carried the bust past the other houses in order to break it in the garden which had a lamp overlooking it. Since Harker's bust was one in three the chances were exactly as I told you, two to one against the pearl being inside it. There remained two busts, and it was obvious that he would go for the London one first. I warned the inmates of the house, so as to avoid a second tragedy, and we went down with the happiest results. By that time, of course, I knew for certain that it was the Borgia pearl that we were after. The name of the murdered man linked the one event with the other. There only remained a single bust--the Reading one--and the pearl must be there. I bought it in your presence from the owner--and there it lies.
Lestrade: Well, I've seen you handle a good many cases, Mr. Holmes, but I don't know that I ever knew a more workmanlike one than that. We're not jealous of you at Scotland Yard. No, sir, we are very proud of you, and if you come down to-morrow there's not a man, from the oldest inspector to the youngest constable, who wouldn't be glad to shake you by the hand.
###
Holmes: Thank you! Thank you! Put the pearl in the safe, Watson, and get out the papers of the Conk-Singleton forgery case. Good-bye, Lestrade. If any little problem comes your way I shall be happy, if I can, to give you a hint or two as to its solution.
Watson: It was in the year '95 that a combination of events, into which I need not enter, caused Mr. Sherlock Holmes and myself to spend some weeks in one of our great University towns, and it was during this time that the small but instructive adventure which I am about to relate befell us. It will be obvious that any details which would help the reader to exactly identify the college or the criminal would be injudicious and offensive. So painful a scandal may well be allowed to die out. With due discretion the incident itself may, however, be described, since it serves to illustrate some of those qualities for which my friend was remarkable. I will endeavour in my statement to avoid such terms as would serve to limit the events to any particular place, or give a clue as to the people concerned.
Watson: We were residing at the time in furnished lodgings close to a library where Sherlock Holmes was pursuing some laborious researches in early English charters--researches which led to results so striking that they may be the subject of one of my future narratives. Here it was that one evening we received a visit from an acquaintance, Mr. Hilton Soames, tutor and lecturer at the College of St. Luke's. Mr. Soames was a tall, spare man, of a nervous and excitable temperament. I had always known him to be restless in his manner, but on this particular occasion he was in such a state of uncontrollable agitation that it was clear something very unusual had occurred.
###
Unknown: I trust, Mr. Holmes, that you can spare me a few hours of your valuable time. We have had a very painful incident at St. Luke's, and really, but for the happy chance of your being in the town, I should have been at a loss what to do.
Holmes: I am very busy just now, and I desire no distractions. I should much prefer that you called in the aid of the police.
Unknown: No, no, my dear sir; such a course is utterly impossible. When once the law is evoked it cannot be stayed again, and this is just one of those cases where, for the credit of the college, it is most essential to avoid scandal. Your discretion is as well known as your powers, and you are the one man in the world who can help me. I beg you, Mr. Holmes, to do what you can.
Holmes: My friend's temper had not improved since he had been deprived of the congenial surroundings of Baker Street. Without his scrap-books, his chemicals, and his homely untidiness, he was an uncomfortable man. He shrugged his shoulders in ungracious acquiescence, while our visitor in hurried words and with much excitable gesticulation poured forth his story.
Unknown: I must explain to you, Mr. Holmes, that to-morrow is the first day of the examination for the Fortescue Scholarship. I am one of the examiners. My subject is Greek, and the first of the papers consists of a large passage of Greek translation which the candidate has not seen. This passage is printed on the examination paper, and it would naturally be an immense advantage if the candidate could prepare it in advance. For this reason great care is taken to keep the paper secret. To-day about three o'clock the proofs of this paper arrived from the printers. The exercise consists of half a chapter of Thucydides. I had to read it over carefully, as the text must be absolutely correct. At four-thirty my task was not yet completed. I had, however, promised to take tea in a friend's rooms, so I left the proof upon my desk. I was absent rather more than an hour.
###
Watson: You are aware, Mr. Holmes, that our college doors are double--a green baize one within and a heavy oak one without. As I approached my outer door I was amazed to see a key in it. For an instant I imagined that I had left my own there, but on feeling in my pocket I found that it was all right. The only duplicate which existed, so far as I knew, was that which belonged to my servant, Bannister, a man who has looked after my room for ten years, and whose honesty is absolutely above suspicion. I found that the key was indeed his, that he had entered my room to know if I wanted tea, and that he had very carelessly left the key in the door when he came out. His visit to my room must have been within a very few minutes of my leaving it. His forgetfulness about the key would have mattered little upon any other occasion, but on this one day it has produced the most deplorable consequences. The moment I looked at my table I was aware that someone had rummaged among my papers. The proof was in three long slips. I had left them all together. Now, I found that one of them was lying on the floor, one was on the side table near the window, and the third was where I had left it.
Holmes: The first page on the floor, the second in the window, the third where you left it.
Watson: Exactly, Mr. Holmes. You amaze me. How could you possibly know that? Pray continue your very interesting statement. For an instant I imagined that Bannister had taken the unpardonable liberty of examining my papers. He denied it, however, with the utmost earnestness, and I am convinced that he was speaking the truth. The alternative was that someone passing had observed the key in the door, had known that I was out, and had entered to look at the papers. A large sum of money is at stake, for the scholarship is a very valuable one, and an unscrupulous man might very well run a risk in order to gain an advantage over his fellows.
###
Watson: Bannister was very much upset by the incident. He had nearly fainted when we found that the papers had undoubtedly been tampered with. I gave him a little brandy and left him collapsed in a chair while I made a most careful examination of the room. I soon saw that the intruder had left other traces of his presence besides the rumpled papers. On the table in the window were several shreds from a pencil which had been sharpened. A broken tip of lead was lying there also. Evidently the rascal had copied the paper in a great hurry, had broken his pencil, and had been compelled to put a fresh point to it.
Holmes: Excellent! Fortune has been your friend.
Watson: This was not all. I have a new writing-table with a fine surface of red leather. I am prepared to swear, and so is Bannister, that it was smooth and unstained. Now I found a clean cut in it about three inches long--not a mere scratch, but a positive cut. Not only this, but on the table I found a small ball of black dough, or clay, with specks of something which looks like sawdust in it. I am convinced that these marks were left by the man who rifled the papers. There were no footmarks and no other evidence as to his identity. I was at my wits' ends, when suddenly the happy thought occurred to me that you were in the town, and I came straight round to put the matter into your hands. Do help me, Mr. Holmes! You see my dilemma. Either I must find the man or else the examination must be postponed until fresh papers are prepared, and since this cannot be done without explanation there will ensue a hideous scandal, which will throw a cloud not only on the college, but on the University. Above all things I desire to settle the matter quietly and discreetly.
###
Holmes: I shall be happy to look into it and to give you such advice as I can. The case is not entirely devoid of interest. Had anyone visited you in your room after the papers came to you?
Soames: Yes, young Daulat Ras, an Indian student who lives on the same stair, came in to ask me some particulars about the examination.
Holmes: For which he was entered?
Soames: Yes.
Holmes: And the papers were on your table?
Soames: To the best of my belief they were rolled up.
Holmes: But might be recognized as proofs?
Soames: Possibly.
Holmes: No one else in your room?
Soames: No.
Holmes: Did anyone know that these proofs would be there?
Soames: No one save the printer.
Holmes: Did this man Bannister know?
Soames: No, certainly not. No one knew.
Holmes: Where is Bannister now?
Soames: He was very ill, poor fellow. I left him collapsed in the chair. I was in such a hurry to come to you.
Holmes: You left your door open?
Soames: I locked up the papers first.
Holmes: Then it amounts to this, Mr. Soames, that unless the Indian student recognized the roll as being proofs, the man who tampered with them came upon them accidentally without knowing that they were there.
Soames: So it seems to me.
Holmes: Well, let us go round. Not one of your cases, Watson--mental, not physical. All right; come if you want to. Now, Mr. Soames--at your disposal!
Narrator: The sitting-room of our client opened by a long, low, latticed window on to the ancient lichen-tinted court of the old college. A Gothic arched door led to a worn stone staircase. On the ground floor was the tutor's room. Above were three students, one on each story. It was already twilight when we reached the scene of our problem. Holmes halted and looked earnestly at the window. Then he approached it, and, standing on tiptoe with his neck craned, he looked into the room.
Guide: He must have entered through the door. There is no opening except the one pane, said our learned guide.
###
Guide: He must have entered through the door. There is no opening except the one pane.
Holmes: Dear me! Well, if there is nothing to be learned here we had best go inside.
Holmes: I am afraid there are no signs here. One could hardly hope for any upon so dry a day. Your servant seems to have quite recovered. You left him in a chair, you say; which chair?
Guide: By the window there.
Holmes: I see. Near this little table. You can come in now. I have finished with the carpet. Let us take the little table first. Of course, what has happened is very clear. The man entered and took the papers, sheet by sheet, from the central table. He carried them over to the window table, because from there he could see if you came across the courtyard, and so could effect an escape.
Soames: As a matter of fact he could not, for I entered by the side door.
Holmes: Ah, that's good! Well, anyhow, that was in his mind. Let me see the three strips. No finger impressions--no! Well, he carried over this one first and he copied it. How long would it take him to do that, using every possible contraction? A quarter of an hour, not less. Then he tossed it down and seized the next. He was in the midst of that when your return caused him to make a very hurried retreat--very hurried, since he had not time to replace the papers which would tell you that he had been there. You were not aware of any hurrying feet on the stair as you entered the outer door?
Soames: No, I can't say I was.
###
Holmes: No, I can't say I was.
Holmes: Well, he wrote so furiously that he broke his pencil, and had, as you observe, to sharpen it again. This is of interest, Watson. The pencil was not an ordinary one. It was above the usual size, with a soft lead; the outer colour was dark blue, the maker's name was printed in silver lettering, and the piece remaining is only about an inch and a half long. Look for such a pencil, Mr. Soames, and you have got your man. When I add that he possesses a large and very blunt knife, you have an additional aid.
Soames: I can follow the other points, but really, in this matter of the length--
Holmes: You see?
Soames: No, I fear that even now--
Holmes: Watson, I have always done you an injustice. There are others. What could this NN be? It is at the end of a word. You are aware that Johann Faber is the most common maker's name. Is it not clear that there is just as much of the pencil left as usually follows the Johann? He held the small table sideways to the electric light. I was hoping that if the paper on which he wrote was thin some trace of it might come through upon this polished surface. No, I see nothing. I don't think there is anything more to be learned here. Now for the central table. This small pellet is, I presume, the black, doughy mass you spoke of. Roughly pyramidal in shape and hollowed out, I perceive. As you say, there appear to be grains of sawdust in it. Dear me, this is very interesting. And the cut--a positive tear, I see. It began with a thin scratch and ended in a jagged hole. I am much indebted to you for directing my attention to this case, Mr. Soames. Where does that door lead to?
Soames: To my bedroom.
Soames: Have you been in it since your adventure?
Soames: No; I came straight away for you.
###
Watson: To my bedroom.
Holmes: Have you been in it since your adventure?
Watson: No; I came straight away for you.
Holmes: I should like to have a glance round. What a charming, old-fashioned room! Perhaps you will kindly wait a minute until I have examined the floor. No, I see nothing. What about this curtain? You hang your clothes behind it. If anyone were forced to conceal himself in this room he must do it there, since the bed is too low and the wardrobe too shallow. No one there, I suppose?
Holmes: Halloa! What's this?
Holmes: Your visitor seems to have left traces in your bedroom as well as in your sitting-room, Mr. Soames.
Watson: Good gracious, Mr. Holmes, do you mean to tell me that all the time I was talking to Bannister in this room we had the man prisoner if we had only known it?
Holmes: So I read it.
Watson: Surely there is another alternative, Mr. Holmes. I don't know whether you observed my bedroom window?
Holmes: Lattice-paned, lead framework, three separate windows, one swinging on hinge and large enough to admit a man.
Watson: Exactly. And it looks out on an angle of the courtyard so as to be partly invisible. The man might have effected his entrance there, left traces as he passed through the bedroom, and, finally, finding the door open have escaped that way.
###
Holmes: Exactly. And it looks out on an angle of the courtyard so as to be partly invisible. The man might have effected his entrance there, left traces as he passed through the bedroom, and, finally, finding the door open have escaped that way.
Holmes: Let us be practical, I understand you to say that there are three students who use this stair and are in the habit of passing your door?
Soames: Yes, there are.
Holmes: And they are all in for this examination?
Soames: Yes.
Holmes: Have you any reason to suspect any one of them more than the others?
Soames: It is a very delicate question. One hardly likes to throw suspicion where there are no proofs.
Holmes: Let us hear the suspicions. I will look after the proofs.
Soames: I will tell you, then, in a few words the character of the three men who inhabit these rooms. The lower of the three is Gilchrist, a fine scholar and athlete; plays in the Rugby team and the cricket team for the college, and got his Blue for the hurdles and the long jump. He is a fine, manly fellow. His father was the notorious Sir Jabez Gilchrist, who ruined himself on the turf. My scholar has been left very poor, but he is hard-working and industrious. He will do well. The second floor is inhabited by Daulat Ras, the Indian. He is a quiet, inscrutable fellow, as most of those Indians are. He is well up in his work, though his Greek is his weak subject. He is steady and methodical. The top floor belongs to Miles McLaren. He is a brilliant fellow when he chooses to work--one of the brightest intellects of the University, but he is wayward, dissipated, and unprincipled. He was nearly expelled over a card scandal in his first year. He has been idling all this term, and he must look forward with dread to the examination.
Holmes: Then it is he whom you suspect?
Soames: I dare not go so far as that. But of the three he is perhaps the least unlikely.
Holmes: Exactly. Now, Mr. Soames, let us have a look at your servant, Bannister.
###
Holmes: Then it is he whom you suspect?
Watson: I dare not go so far as that. But of the three he is perhaps the least unlikely.
Holmes: Exactly. Now, Mr. Soames, let us have a look at your servant, Bannister.
Soames: We are investigating this unhappy business, Bannister.
Bannister: Yes, sir.
Holmes: I understand that you left your key in the door?
Bannister: Yes, sir.
Holmes: Was it not very extraordinary that you should do this on the very day when there were these papers inside?
Bannister: It was most unfortunate, sir. But I have occasionally done the same thing at other times.
Holmes: When did you enter the room?
Bannister: It was about half-past four. That is Mr. Soames's tea time.
Holmes: How long did you stay?
Bannister: When I saw that he was absent I withdrew at once.
Holmes: Did you look at these papers on the table?
Bannister: No, sir; certainly not.
Holmes: How came you to leave the key in the door?
Bannister: I had the tea-tray in my hand. I thought I would come back for the key. Then I forgot.
Holmes: Has the outer door a spring lock?
Bannister: No, sir.
Holmes: Then it was open all the time?
Bannister: Yes, sir.
Holmes: Anyone in the room could get out?
Bannister: Yes, sir.
Holmes: When Mr. Soames returned and called for you, you were very much disturbed?
Bannister: Yes, sir. Such a thing has never happened during the many years that I have been here. I nearly fainted, sir.
Holmes: So I understand. Where were you when you began to feel bad?
Bannister: Where was I, sir? Why, here, near the door.
Holmes: That is singular, because you sat down in that chair over yonder near the corner. Why did you pass these other chairs?
Bannister: I don't know, sir. It didn't matter to me where I sat.
Soames: I really don't think he knew much about it, Mr. Holmes. He was looking very bad--quite ghastly.
Holmes: You stayed here when your master left?
Bannister: Only for a minute or so. Then I locked the door and went to my room.
###
Watson: I really don't think he knew much about it, Mr. Holmes. He was looking very bad--quite ghastly.
Holmes: You stayed here when your master left?
Watson: Only for a minute or so. Then I locked the door and went to my room.
Holmes: Whom do you suspect?
Watson: Oh, I would not venture to say, sir. I don't believe there is any gentleman in this University who is capable of profiting by such an action. No, sir, I'll not believe it.
Holmes: Thank you; that will do. Oh, one more word. You have not mentioned to any of the three gentlemen whom you attend that anything is amiss?
Watson: No, sir; not a word.
Holmes: You haven't seen any of them?
Watson: No, sir.
Holmes: Very good. Now, Mr. Soames, we will take a walk in the quadrangle, if you please.
Holmes: Your three birds are all in their nests. Halloa! What's that? One of them seems restless enough.
Holmes: I should like to have a peep at each of them. Is it possible?
Soames: No difficulty in the world. This set of rooms is quite the oldest in the college, and it is not unusual for visitors to go over them. Come along, and I will personally conduct you.
###
Soames: No difficulty in the world. This set of rooms is quite the oldest in the college, and it is not unusual for visitors to go over them. Come along, and I will personally conduct you.
Holmes: No names, please! 
Gilchrist: A rude fellow. Of course, he did not realize that it was I who was knocking, but none the less his conduct was very uncourteous, and, indeed, under the circumstances rather suspicious.
Holmes: Can you tell me his exact height?
Soames: Really, Mr. Holmes, I cannot undertake to say. He is taller than the Indian, not so tall as Gilchrist. I suppose five foot six would be about it.
Holmes: That is very important. And now, Mr. Soames, I wish you good-night.
###
Holmes: Really, Mr. Holmes, I cannot undertake to say. He is taller than the Indian, not so tall as Gilchrist. I suppose five foot six would be about it.
Holmes: That is very important. And now, Mr. Soames, I wish you good-night.
Soames: Good gracious, Mr. Holmes, you are surely not going to leave me in this abrupt fashion! You don't seem to realize the position. To-morrow is the examination. I must take some definite action to-night. I cannot allow the examination to be held if one of the papers has been tampered with. The situation must be faced.
Holmes: You must leave it as it is. I shall drop round early to-morrow morning and chat the matter over. It is possible that I may be in a position then to indicate some course of action. Meanwhile you change nothing--nothing at all.
Soames: Very good, Mr. Holmes.
Holmes: You can be perfectly easy in your mind. We shall certainly find some way out of your difficulties. I will take the black clay with me, also the pencil cuttings. Good-bye.
Holmes: Well, Watson, what do you think of it? Quite a little parlour game--sort of three-card trick, is it not? There are your three men. It must be one of them. You take your choice. Which is yours?
Watson: The foul-mouthed fellow at the top. He is the one with the worst record. And yet that Indian was a sly fellow also. Why should he be pacing his room all the time?
Holmes: There is nothing in that. Many men do it when they are trying to learn anything by heart.
Watson: He looked at us in a queer way.
Holmes: So would you if a flock of strangers came in on you when you were preparing for an examination next day, and every moment was of value. No, I see nothing in that. Pencils, too, and knives--all was satisfactory. But that fellow does puzzle me.
Watson: Who?
Holmes: Why, Bannister, the servant. What's his game in the matter?
###
Watson: Who?
Holmes: Why, Bannister, the servant. What's his game in the matter?
Watson: He impressed me as being a perfectly honest man.
Holmes: So he did me. That's the puzzling part. Why should a perfectly honest man--well, well, here's a large stationer's. We shall begin our researches here.
Holmes: No good, my dear Watson. This, the best and only final clue, has run to nothing. But, indeed, I have little doubt that we can build up a sufficient case without it. By Jove! my dear fellow, it is nearly nine, and the landlady babbled of green peas at seven-thirty. What with your eternal tobacco, Watson, and your irregularity at meals, I expect that you will get notice to quit and that I shall share your downfall--not, however, before we have solved the problem of the nervous tutor, the careless servant, and the three enterprising students.
Holmes: Well, Watson, it is time we went down to St. Luke's. Can you do without breakfast?
Watson: Certainly.
Holmes: Soames will be in a dreadful fidget until we are able to tell him something positive.
Watson: Have you anything positive to tell him?
Holmes: I think so.
Watson: You have formed a conclusion?
Holmes: Yes, my dear Watson; I have solved the mystery.
Watson: But what fresh evidence could you have got?
Holmes: Aha! It is not for nothing that I have turned myself out of bed at the untimely hour of six. I have put in two hours' hard work and covered at least five miles, with something to show for it. Look at that!
###
Holmes: But what fresh evidence could you have got?
Watson: Aha! It is not for nothing that I have turned myself out of bed at the untimely hour of six. I have put in two hours' hard work and covered at least five miles, with something to show for it. Look at that!
Watson: Why, Holmes, you had only two yesterday!
Holmes: And one more this morning. It is a fair argument that wherever No. 3 came from is also the source of Nos. 1 and 2. Eh, Watson? Well, come along and put friend Soames out of his pain.
Watson: Thank Heaven that you have come! I feared that you had given it up in despair. What am I to do? Shall the examination proceed?
Holmes: Yes; let it proceed by all means.
Soames: But this rascal-
Holmes: He shall not compete.
Soames: You know him?
Holmes: I think so. If this matter is not to become public we must give ourselves certain powers, and resolve ourselves into a small private court-martial. You there, if you please, Soames! Watson, you here! I'll take the arm-chair in the middle. I think that we are now sufficiently imposing to strike terror into a guilty breast. Kindly ring the bell!
Holmes: Now, Bannister, will you please tell us the truth about yesterday's incident?
Bannister: I have told you everything, sir.
Holmes: Nothing to add?
Bannister: Nothing at all, sir.
###
Holmes: You will kindly close the door. Now, Bannister, will you please tell us the truth about yesterday's incident?
Bannister: I have told you everything, sir.
Holmes: Nothing to add?
Bannister: Nothing at all, sir.
Holmes: Well, then, I must make some suggestions to you. When you sat down on that chair yesterday, did you do so in order to conceal some object which would have shown who had been in the room?
Bannister: No, sir; certainly not.
Holmes: It is only a suggestion. I frankly admit that I am unable to prove it. But it seems probable enough, since the moment that Mr. Soames's back was turned you released the man who was hiding in that bedroom.
Bannister: There was no man, sir.
Holmes: Ah, that's a pity, Bannister. Up to now you may have spoken the truth, but now I know that you have lied.
Bannister: There was no man, sir.
Holmes: Come, come, Bannister!
Bannister: No, sir; there was no one.
Holmes: In that case you can give us no further information. Would you please remain in the room? Stand over there near the bedroom door. Now, Soames, I am going to ask you to have the great kindness to go up to the room of young Gilchrist, and to ask him to step down into yours.
Holmes: Just close the door. Now, Mr. Gilchrist, we are all quite alone here, and no one need ever know one word of what passes between us. We can be perfectly frank with each other. We want to know, Mr. Gilchrist, how you, an honourable man, ever came to commit such an action as that of yesterday?
Gilchrist: *staggered back and cast a look full of horror and reproach at Bannister.
###
Gilchrist: No, no, Mr. Gilchrist, sir; I never said a word--never one word!
Holmes: No, but you have now. Now, sir, you must see that after Bannister's words your position is hopeless, and that your only chance lies in a frank confession.
Gilchrist: *burst into a storm of passionate sobbing*
Holmes: Come, come, it is human to err, and at least no one can accuse you of being a callous criminal. Perhaps it would be easier for you if I were to tell Mr. Soames what occurred, and you can check me where I am wrong. Shall I do so? Well, well, don't trouble to answer. Listen, and see that I do you no injustice.
Holmes: From the moment, Mr. Soames, that you said to me that no one, not even Bannister, could have told that the papers were in your room, the case began to take a definite shape in my mind. The printer one could, of course, dismiss. He could examine the papers in his own office. The Indian I also thought nothing of. If the proofs were in a roll he could not possibly know what they were. On the other hand, it seemed an unthinkable coincidence that a man should dare to enter the room, and that by chance on that very day the papers were on the table. I dismissed that. The man who entered knew that the papers were there. How did he know?
###
Holmes: When I approached your room I examined the window. You amused me by supposing that I was contemplating the possibility of someone having in broad daylight, under the eyes of all these opposite rooms, forced himself through it. Such an idea was absurd. I was measuring how tall a man would need to be in order to see as he passed what papers were on the central table. I am six feet high, and I could do it with an effort. No one less than that would have a chance. Already you see I had reason to think that if one of your three students was a man of unusual height he was the most worth watching of the three.
Holmes: I entered and I took you into my confidence as to the suggestions of the side table. Of the centre table I could make nothing, until in your description of Gilchrist you mentioned that he was a long-distance jumper. Then the whole thing came to me in an instant, and I only needed certain corroborative proofs, which I speedily obtained.
Holmes: What happened was this. This young fellow had employed his afternoon at the athletic grounds, where he had been practising the jump. He returned carrying his jumping shoes, which are provided, as you are aware, with several sharp spikes. As he passed your window he saw, by means of his great height, these proofs upon your table, and conjectured what they were. No harm would have been done had it not been that as he passed your door he perceived the key which had been left by the carelessness of your servant. A sudden impulse came over him to enter and see if they were indeed the proofs. It was not a dangerous exploit, for he could always pretend that he had simply looked in to ask a question.
Holmes: Well, when he saw that they were indeed the proofs, it was then that he yielded to temptation. He put his shoes on the table. What was it you put on that chair near the window?
Young man: Gloves
###
Holmes: Well, when he saw that they were indeed the proofs, it was then that he yielded to temptation. He put his shoes on the table. What was it you put on that chair near the window?
Young Man: Gloves.
Holmes: He put his gloves on the chair, and he took the proofs, sheet by sheet, to copy them. He thought the tutor must return by the main gate, and that he would see him. As we know, he came back by the side gate. Suddenly he heard him at the very door. There was no possible escape. He forgot his gloves, but he caught up his shoes and darted into the bedroom. You observe that the scratch on that table is slight at one side, but deepens in the direction of the bedroom door. That in itself is enough to show us that the shoe had been drawn in that direction and that the culprit had taken refuge there. The earth round the spike had been left on the table, and a second sample was loosened and fell in the bedroom. I may add that I walked out to the athletic grounds this morning, saw that tenacious black clay is used in the jumping-pit, and carried away a specimen of it, together with some of the fine tan or sawdust which is strewn over it to prevent the athlete from slipping. Have I told the truth, Mr. Gilchrist?
Gilchrist: Yes, sir, it is true.
Soames: Good heavens, have you nothing to add?
Gilchrist: Yes, sir, I have, but the shock of this disgraceful exposure has bewildered me. I have a letter here, Mr. Soames, which I wrote to you early this morning in the middle of a restless night. It was before I knew that my sin had found me out. Here it is, sir. You will see that I have said, 'I have determined not to go in for the examination. I have been offered a commission in the Rhodesian Police, and I am going out to South Africa at once.'
Soames: I am indeed pleased to hear that you did not intend to profit by your unfair advantage. But why did you change your purpose?
Gilchrist: pointed to Bannister.
###
Soames: I am indeed pleased to hear that you did not intend to profit by your unfair advantage. But why did you change your purpose?
Gilchrist: There is the man who set me in the right path.
Holmes: Come now, Bannister. It will be clear to you from what I have said that only you could have let this young man out, since you were left in the room, and must have locked the door when you went out. As to his escaping by that window, it was incredible. Can you not clear up the last point in this mystery, and tell us the reasons for your action?
Bannister: It was simple enough, sir, if you only had known; but with all your cleverness it was impossible that you could know. Time was, sir, when I was butler to old Sir Jabez Gilchrist, this young gentleman's father. When he was ruined I came to the college as servant, but I never forgot my old employer because he was down in the world. I watched his son all I could for the sake of the old days. Well, sir, when I came into this room yesterday when the alarm was given, the very first thing I saw was Mr. Gilchrist's tan gloves a-lying in that chair. I knew those gloves well, and I understood their message. If Mr. Soames saw them the game was up. I flopped down into that chair, and nothing would budge me until Mr. Soames he went for you. Then out came my poor young master, whom I had dandled on my knee, and confessed it all to me. Wasn't it natural, sir, that I should save him, and wasn't it natural also that I should try to speak to him as his dead father would have done, and make him understand that he could not profit by such a deed? Could you blame me, sir?
Holmes: No, indeed. Well, Soames, I think we have cleared your little problem up, and our breakfast awaits us at home. Come, Watson! As to you, sir, I trust that a bright future awaits you in Rhodesia. For once you have fallen low. Let us see in the future how high you can rise.
###
Holmes: Well, Watson, it's as well we have not to turn out to-night. I've done enough for one sitting. It is trying work for the eyes. So far as I can make out it is nothing more exciting than an Abbey's accounts dating from the second half of the fifteenth century. Halloa! halloa! halloa! What's this?
Holmes: Want! He wants us. And we, my poor Watson, want overcoats and cravats and galoshes, and every aid that man ever invented to fight the weather. Wait a bit, though! There's the cab off again! There's hope yet. He'd have kept it if he had wanted us to come. Run down, my dear fellow, and open the door, for all virtuous folk have been long in bed.
Watson: What can he want?
Hopkins: Is he in?
Holmes: Come up, my dear sir. I hope you have no designs upon us on such a night as this.
Holmes: Now, my dear Hopkins, draw up and warm your toes. Here's a cigar, and the doctor has a prescription containing hot water and a lemon which is good medicine on a night like this. It must be something important which has brought you out in such a gale.
Hopkins: It is indeed, Mr. Holmes. I've had a bustling afternoon, I promise you. Did you see anything of the Yoxley case in the latest editions?
Holmes: I've seen nothing later than the fifteenth century today.
###
Watson: It is indeed, Mr. Holmes. I've had a bustling afternoon, I promise you. Did you see anything of the Yoxley case in the latest editions?
Holmes: I've seen nothing later than the fifteenth century today.
Watson: Well, it was only a paragraph, and all wrong at that, so you have not missed anything. I haven't let the grass grow under my feet. It's down in Kent, seven miles from Chatham and three from the railway line. I was wired for at three-fifteen, reached Yoxley Old Place at five, conducted my investigation, was back at Charing Cross by the last train, and straight to you by cab.
Holmes: Which means, I suppose, that you are not quite clear about your case?
Watson: It means that I can make neither head nor tail of it. So far as I can see it is just as tangled a business as ever I handled, and yet at first it seemed so simple that one couldn't go wrong. There's no motive, Mr. Holmes. That's what bothers me--I can't put my hand on a motive. Here's a man dead--there's no denying that--but, so far as I can see, no reason on earth why anyone should wish him harm.
Holmes: Let us hear about it.
###
Holmes: Let us hear about it.
Stanley Hopkins: I've got my facts pretty clear. All I want now is to know what they all mean. The story, so far as I can make it out, is like this. Some years ago this country house, Yoxley Old Place, was taken by an elderly man, who gave the name of Professor Coram. He was an invalid, keeping his bed half the time, and the other half hobbling round the house with a stick or being pushed about the grounds by the gardener in a bath-chair. He was well liked by the few neighbours who called upon him, and he has the reputation down there of being a very learned man. His household used to consist of an elderly housekeeper, Mrs. Marker, and of a maid, Susan Tarlton. These have both been with him since his arrival, and they seem to be women of excellent character. The Professor is writing a learned book, and he found it necessary about a year ago to engage a secretary. The first two that he tried were not successes; but the third, Mr. Willoughby Smith, a very young man straight from the University, seems to have been just what his employer wanted. His work consisted in writing all the morning to the Professor's dictation, and he usually spent the evening in hunting up references and passages which bore upon the next day's work. This Willoughby Smith has nothing against him either as a boy at Uppingham or as a young man at Cambridge. I have seen his testimonials, and from the first he was a decent, quiet, hardworking fellow, with no weak spot in him at all. And yet this is the lad who has met his death this morning in the Professor's study under circumstances which can point only to murder.
Holmes: *No dialogue*
Watson: *No dialogue*
###
Maid: At first the maid thought that young Smith was already dead, but on pouring some water from the carafe over his forehead he opened his eyes for an instant. 'The Professor,' he murmured--'it was she.'
Housekeeper: In the meantime the housekeeper had also arrived upon the scene, but she was just too late to catch the young man's dying words. Leaving Susan with the body, she hurried to the Professor's room. He was sitting up in bed horribly agitated, for he had heard enough to convince him that something terrible had occurred. Mrs. Marker is prepared to swear that the Professor was still in his night-clothes, and, indeed, it was impossible for him to dress without the help of Mortimer, whose orders were to come at twelve o'clock. The Professor declares that he heard the distant cry, but that he knows nothing more. He can give no explanation of the young man's last words, 'The Professor--it was she,' but imagines that they were the outcome of delirium. He believes that Willoughby Smith had not an enemy in the world, and can give no reason for the crime. His first action was to send Mortimer the gardener for the local police. A little later the chief constable sent for me. Nothing was moved before I got there, and strict orders were given that no one should walk upon the paths leading to the house. It was a splendid chance of putting your theories into practice, Mr. Sherlock Holmes. There was really nothing wanting.
Holmes: Except Mr. Sherlock Holmes. Well, let us hear about it. What sort of job did you make of it?
Unknown: I must ask you first, Mr. Holmes, to glance at this rough plan, which will give you a general idea of the position of the Professor's study and the various points of the case. It will help you in following my investigation.
###
Holmes: To the road.
Watson: How long is it?
Holmes: A hundred yards or so.
Watson: At the point where the path passes through the gate you could surely pick up the tracks?
Holmes: Unfortunately, the path was tiled at that point.
Watson: Well, on the road itself?
Holmes: No; it was all trodden into mire.
Watson: Tut-tut! Well, then, these tracks upon the grass, were they coming or going?
Holmes: It was impossible to say. There was never any outline.
Watson: A large foot or a small?
Holmes: You could not distinguish.
Holmes: It has been pouring rain and blowing a hurricane ever since. It will be harder to read now than that palimpsest. Well, well, it can't be helped. What did you do, Hopkins, after you had made certain that you had made certain of nothing?
Hopkins: I think I made certain of a good deal, Mr. Holmes. I knew that someone had entered the house cautiously from without. I next examined the corridor. It is lined with cocoanut matting and had taken no impression of any kind. This brought me into the study itself. It is a scantily-furnished room. The main article is a large writing-table with a fixed bureau. This bureau consists of a double column of drawers with a central small cupboard between them. The drawers were open, the cupboard locked. The drawers, it seems, were always open, and nothing of value was kept in them. There were some papers of importance in the cupboard, but there were no signs that this had been tampered with, and the Professor assures me that nothing was missing. It is certain that no robbery has been committed.
Hopkins: I come now to the body of the young man. It was found near the bureau, and just to the left of it, as marked upon that chart. The stab was on the right side of the neck and from behind forwards, so that it is almost impossible that it could have been self-inflicted.
Holmes: Unless he fell upon the knife.
###
Holmes: Unless he fell upon the knife.
Watson: Exactly. The idea crossed my mind. But we found the knife some feet away from the body, so that seems impossible. Then, of course, there are the man's own dying words. And, finally, there was this very important piece of evidence which was found clasped in the dead man's right hand.
Stanley Hopkins: Willoughby Smith had excellent sight. There can be no question that this was snatched from the face or the person of the assassin.
Holmes: That's the best I can do for you. It may prove to be of some use.
Holmes: Wanted, a woman of good address, attired like a lady. She has a remarkably thick nose, with eyes which are set close upon either side of it. She has a puckered forehead, a peering expression, and probably rounded shoulders. There are indications that she has had recourse to an optician at least twice during the last few months. As her glasses are of remarkable strength and as opticians are not very numerous, there should be no difficulty in tracing her.
Holmes: Holmes smiled at the astonishment of Hopkins, which must have been reflected upon my features.
###
Holmes: Surely my deductions are simplicity itself. It would be difficult to name any articles which afford a finer field for inference than a pair of glasses, especially so remarkable a pair as these. That they belong to a woman I infer from their delicacy, and also, of course, from the last words of the dying man. As to her being a person of refinement and well dressed, they are, as you perceive, handsomely mounted in solid gold, and it is inconceivable that anyone who wore such glasses could be slatternly in other respects. You will find that the clips are too wide for your nose, showing that the lady's nose was very broad at the base. This sort of nose is usually a short and coarse one, but there are a sufficient number of exceptions to prevent me from being dogmatic or from insisting upon this point in my description. My own face is a narrow one, and yet I find that I cannot get my eyes into the centre, or near the centre, of these glasses. Therefore the lady's eyes are set very near to the sides of the nose. You will perceive, Watson, that the glasses are concave and of unusual strength. A lady whose vision has been so extremely contracted all her life is sure to have the physical characteristics of such vision, which are seen in the forehead, the eyelids, and the shoulders.
Watson: Yes, I can follow each of your arguments. I confess, however, that I am unable to understand how you arrive at the double visit to the optician.
Holmes: You will perceive that the clips are lined with tiny bands of cork to soften the pressure upon the nose. One of these is discoloured and worn to some slight extent, but the other is new. Evidently one has fallen off and been replaced. I should judge that the older of them has not been there more than a few months. They exactly correspond, so I gather that the lady went back to the same establishment for the second.
###
Hopkins: By George, it's marvellous! To think that I had all that evidence in my hand and never knew it! I had intended, however, to go the round of the London opticians.
Holmes: Of course you would. Meanwhile, have you anything more to tell us about the case?
Hopkins: Nothing, Mr. Holmes. I think that you know as much as I do now--probably more. We have had inquiries made as to any stranger seen on the country roads or at the railway station. We have heard of none. What beats me is the utter want of all object in the crime. Not a ghost of a motive can anyone suggest.
Holmes: Ah! there I am not in a position to help you. But I suppose you want us to come out tomorrow?
Hopkins: If it is not asking too much, Mr. Holmes. There's a train from Charing Cross to Chatham at six in the morning, and we should be at Yoxley Old Place between eight and nine.
Holmes: Then we shall take it. Your case has certainly some features of great interest, and I shall be delighted to look into it. Well, it's nearly one, and we had best get a few hours' sleep. I dare say you can manage all right on the sofa in front of the fire. I'll light my spirit-lamp and give you a cup of coffee before we start.
Watson: The gale had blown itself out next day, but it was a bitter morning when we started upon our journey. We saw the cold winter sun rise over the dreary marshes of the Thames and the long, sullen reaches of the river, which I shall ever associate with our pursuit of the Andaman Islander in the earlier days of our career. After a long and weary journey we alighted at a small station some miles from Chatham. While a horse was being put into a trap at the local inn we snatched a hurried breakfast, and so we were all ready for business when we at last arrived at Yoxley Old Place. A constable met us at the garden gate.
Constable: Well, Wilson, any news?
Wilson: No, sir, nothing.
Constable: No reports of any stranger seen?
Wilson: No, sir. Down at the station they are certain that no stranger either came or went yesterday.
###
Holmes: Well, Wilson, any news?
Wilson: No, sir, nothing.
Holmes: No reports of any stranger seen?
Wilson: No, sir. Down at the station they are certain that no stranger either came or went yesterday.
Holmes: Have you had inquiries made at inns and lodgings?
Wilson: Yes, sir; there is no one that we cannot account for.
Holmes: Well, it's only a reasonable walk to Chatham. Anyone might stay there, or take a train without being observed. This is the garden path of which I spoke, Mr. Holmes. I'll pledge my word there was no mark on it yesterday.
Holmes: On which side were the marks on the grass?
Wilson: This side, sir. This narrow margin of grass between the path and the flower-bed. I can't see the traces now, but they were clear to me then.
Holmes: Yes, yes; someone has passed along. Our lady must have picked her steps carefully, must she not, since on the one side she would leave a track on the path, and on the other an even clearer one on the soft bed?
Wilson: Yes, sir, she must have been a cool hand.
Holmes: You say that she must have come back this way?
Wilson: Yes, sir; there is no other.
Holmes: On this strip of grass?
Wilson: Certainly, Mr. Holmes.
Holmes: Hum! It was a very remarkable performance--very remarkable. Well, I think we have exhausted the path. Let us go farther. This garden door is usually kept open, I suppose? Then this visitor had nothing to do but to walk in. The idea of murder was not in her mind, or she would have provided herself with some sort of weapon, instead of having to pick this knife off the writing-table. She advanced along this corridor, leaving no traces upon the cocoanut matting. Then she found herself in this study. How long was she there? We have no means of judging.
Wilson: Not more than a few minutes, sir. I forgot to tell you that Mrs. Marker, the housekeeper, had been in there tidying not very long before--about a quarter of an hour, she says.
###
Watson: Not more than a few minutes, sir. I forgot to tell you that Mrs. Marker, the housekeeper, had been in there tidying not very long before--about a quarter of an hour, she says.
Holmes: Well, that gives us a limit. Our lady enters this room and what does she do? She goes over to the writing-table. What for? Not for anything in the drawers. If there had been anything worth her taking it would surely have been locked up. No; it was for something in that wooden bureau. Halloa! what is that scratch upon the face of it? Just hold a match, Watson. Why did you not tell me of this, Hopkins?
Hopkins: I noticed it, Mr. Holmes. But you'll always find scratches round a keyhole.
Holmes: This is recent, quite recent. See how the brass shines where it is cut. An old scratch would be the same colour as the surface. Look at it through my lens. There's the varnish, too, like earth on each side of a furrow. Is Mrs. Marker there?
Mrs. Marker: Did you dust this bureau yesterday morning?
Mrs. Marker: Yes, sir.
Mrs. Marker: Did you notice this scratch?
Mrs. Marker: No, sir, I did not.
Holmes: I am sure you did not, for a duster would have swept away these shreds of varnish. Who has the key of this bureau?
Mrs. Marker: The Professor keeps it on his watch-chain.
Holmes: Is it a simple key?
Mrs. Marker: No, sir; it is a Chubb's key.
###
Holmes: No, sir, I did not.
Holmes: I am sure you did not, for a duster would have swept away these shreds of varnish. Who has the key of this bureau?
Mrs. Marker: The Professor keeps it on his watch-chain.
Holmes: Is it a simple key?
Mrs. Marker: No, sir; it is a Chubb's key.
Holmes: Very good. Mrs. Marker, you can go. Now we are making a little progress. Our lady enters the room, advances to the bureau, and either opens it or tries to do so. While she is thus engaged young Willoughby Smith enters the room. In her hurry to withdraw the key she makes this scratch upon the door. He seizes her, and she, snatching up the nearest object, which happens to be this knife, strikes at him in order to make him let go his hold. The blow is a fatal one. He falls and she escapes, either with or without the object for which she has come. Is Susan the maid there? Could anyone have got away through that door after the time that you heard the cry, Susan?
Susan: No sir; it is impossible. Before I got down the stair I'd have seen anyone in the passage. Besides, the door never opened, for I would have heard it.
Holmes: That settles this exit. Then no doubt the lady went out the way she came. I understand that this other passage leads only to the Professor's room. There is no exit that way?
Susan: No, sir.
Holmes: We shall go down it and make the acquaintance of the Professor. Halloa, Hopkins! this is very important, very important indeed. The Professor's corridor is also lined with cocoanut matting.
Hopkins: Well, sir, what of that?
Holmes: Don't you see any bearing upon the case? Well, well, I don't insist upon it. No doubt I am wrong. And yet it seems to me to be suggestive. Come with me and introduce me.
Holmes: We passed down the passage, which was of the same length as that which led to the garden. At the end was a short flight of steps ending in a door. Our guide knocked, and then ushered us into the Professor's bedroom.
###
Narrator: We passed down the passage, which was of the same length as that which led to the garden. At the end was a short flight of steps ending in a door. Our guide knocked, and then ushered us into the Professor's bedroom.
Narrator: It was a very large chamber, lined with innumerable volumes, which had overflowed from the shelves and lay in piles in the corners, or were stacked all round at the base of the cases. The bed was in the centre of the room, and in it, propped up with pillows, was the owner of the house. I have seldom seen a more remarkable-looking person. It was a gaunt, aquiline face which was turned towards us, with piercing dark eyes, which lurked in deep hollows under overhung and tufted brows. His hair and beard were white, save that the latter was curiously stained with yellow around his mouth. A cigarette glowed amid the tangle of white hair, and the air of the room was fetid with stale tobacco-smoke. As he held out his hand to Holmes I perceived that it also was stained yellow with nicotine.
Professor: A smoker, Mr. Holmes? Pray take a cigarette. And you, sir? I can recommend them, for I have them especially prepared by Ionides of Alexandria. He sends me a thousand at a time, and I grieve to say that I have to arrange for a fresh supply every fortnight. Bad, sir, very bad, but an old man has few pleasures. Tobacco and my work--that is all that is left to me.
Holmes: I have not yet made up my mind.
###
Holmes: I have not yet made up my mind.
Professor Coram: I shall indeed be indebted to you if you can throw a light where all is so dark to us. To a poor bookworm and invalid like myself such a blow is paralyzing. I seem to have lost the faculty of thought. But you are a man of action--you are a man of affairs. It is part of the everyday routine of your life. You can preserve your balance in every emergency. We are fortunate indeed in having you at our side.
Holmes: Yes, sir, it is a crushing blow. That is my magnum opus--the pile of papers on the side table yonder. It is my analysis of the documents found in the Coptic monasteries of Syria and Egypt, a work which will cut deep at the very foundations of revealed religion. With my enfeebled health I do not know whether I shall ever be able to complete it now that my assistant has been taken from me. Dear me, Mr. Holmes; why, you are even a quicker smoker than I am myself.
Holmes: I am a connoisseur. I will not trouble you with any lengthy cross-examination, Professor Coram, since I gather that you were in bed at the time of the crime and could know nothing about it. I would only ask this. What do you imagine that this poor fellow meant by his last words: 'The Professor--it was she'?
Professor Coram: Susan is a country girl, and you know the incredible stupidity of that class. I fancy that the poor fellow murmured some incoherent delirious words, and that she twisted them into this meaningless message.
Holmes: I see. You have no explanation yourself of the tragedy?
###
Watson: I see. You have no explanation yourself of the tragedy?
Holmes: Possibly an accident; possibly--I only breathe it among ourselves--a suicide. Young men have their hidden troubles--some affair of the heart, perhaps, which we have never known. It is a more probable supposition than murder.
Watson: But the eye glasses?
Holmes: Ah! I am only a student--a man of dreams. I cannot explain the practical things of life. But still, we are aware, my friend, that love-gages may take strange shapes. By all means take another cigarette. It is a pleasure to see anyone appreciate them so. A fan, a glove, glasses--who knows what article may be carried as a token or treasured when a man puts an end to his life? This gentleman speaks of footsteps in the grass; but, after all, it is easy to be mistaken on such a point. As to the knife, it might well be thrown far from the unfortunate man as he fell. It is possible that I speak as a child, but to me it seems that Willoughby Smith has met his fate by his own hand.
Holmes: Tell me, Professor Coram, what is in that cupboard in the bureau?
Coram: Nothing that would help a thief. Family papers, letters from my poor wife, diplomas of Universities which have done me honour. Here is the key. You can look for yourself.
Holmes: No; I hardly think that it would help me, I should prefer to go quietly down to your garden and turn the whole matter over in my head. There is something to be said for the theory of suicide which you have put forward. We must apologize for having intruded upon you, Professor Coram, and I promise that we won't disturb you until after lunch. At two o'clock we will come again and report to you anything which may have happened in the interval.
###
Watson: Have you a clue?
Holmes: It depends upon those cigarettes that I smoked. It is possible that I am utterly mistaken. The cigarettes will show me.
Watson: My dear Holmes, how on earth--
Holmes: Well, well, you may see for yourself. If not, there's no harm done. Of course, we always have the optician clue to fall back upon, but I take a short cut when I can get it. Ah, here is the good Mrs. Marker! Let us enjoy five minutes of instructive conversation with her.
Mrs. Marker: Yes, Mr. Holmes, it is as you say, sir. He does smoke something terrible. All day and sometimes all night, sir. I've seen that room of a morning--well, sir, you'd have thought it was a London fog. Poor young Mr. Smith, he was a smoker also, but not as bad as the Professor. His health--well, I don't know that it's better nor worse for the smoking.
Holmes: Ah! but it kills the appetite.
Mrs. Marker: Well, I don't know about that, sir.
Holmes: I suppose the Professor eats hardly anything?
Mrs. Marker: Well, he is variable. I'll say that for him.
Holmes: I'll wager he took no breakfast this morning, and won't face his lunch after all the cigarettes I saw him consume.
Mrs. Marker: Well, you're out there, sir, as it happens, for he ate a remarkable big breakfast this morning. I don't know when I've known him make a better one, and he's ordered a good dish of cutlets for his lunch. I'm surprised myself, for since I came into that room yesterday and saw young Mr. Smith lying there on the floor I couldn't bear to look at food. Well, it takes all sorts to make a world, and the Professor hasn't let it take his appetite away.
###
Watson: We loitered the morning away in the garden. Stanley Hopkins had gone down to the village to look into some rumours of a strange woman who had been seen by some children on the Chatham Road the previous morning. As to my friend, all his usual energy seemed to have deserted him. I had never known him handle a case in such a half-hearted fashion. Even the news brought back by Hopkins that he had found the children and that they had undoubtedly seen a woman exactly corresponding with Holmes's description, and wearing either spectacles or eye-glasses, failed to rouse any sign of keen interest. He was more attentive when Susan, who waited upon us at lunch, volunteered the information that she believed Mr. Smith had been out for a walk yesterday morning, and that he had only returned half an hour before the tragedy occurred. I could not myself see the bearing of this incident, but I clearly perceived that Holmes was weaving it into the general scheme which he had formed in his brain. Suddenly he sprang from his chair and glanced at his watch. "Two o'clock, gentlemen," said he. "We must go up and have it out with our friend the Professor."
Holmes: Well, Mr. Holmes, have you solved this mystery yet?
Holmes: Yes, I have solved it.
###
Holmes: Yes, I have solved it.
Stanley Hopkins: Indeed! In the garden?
Holmes: No, here. This instant.
Stanley Hopkins: You are surely joking, Mr. Sherlock Holmes. You compel me to tell you that this is too serious a matter to be treated in such a fashion.
Holmes: I have forged and tested every link of my chain, Professor Coram, and I am sure that it is sound. What your motives are or what exact part you play in this strange business I am not yet able to say. In a few minutes I shall probably hear it from your own lips. Meanwhile I will reconstruct what is past for your benefit, so that you may know the information which I still require. A lady yesterday entered your study. She came with the intention of possessing herself of certain documents which were in your bureau. She had a key of her own. I have had an opportunity of examining yours, and I do not find that slight discolouration which the scratch made upon the varnish would have produced. You were not an accessory, therefore, and she came, so far as I can read the evidence, without your knowledge to rob you.
Professor Coram: This is most interesting and instructive. Have you no more to add? Surely, having traced this lady so far, you can also say what has become of her.
###
Professor: This is most interesting and instructive. Have you no more to add? Surely, having traced this lady so far, you can also say what has become of her.
Holmes: I will endeavour to do so. In the first place she was seized by your secretary, and stabbed him in order to escape. This catastrophe I am inclined to regard as an unhappy accident, for I am convinced that the lady had no intention of inflicting so grievous an injury. An assassin does not come unarmed. Horrified by what she had done she rushed wildly away from the scene of the tragedy. Unfortunately for her she had lost her glasses in the scuffle, and as she was extremely short-sighted she was really helpless without them. She ran down a corridor, which she imagined to be that by which she had come--both were lined with cocoanut matting--and it was only when it was too late that she understood that she had taken the wrong passage and that her retreat was cut off behind her. What was she to do? She could not go back. She could not remain where she was. She must go on. She went on. She mounted a stair, pushed open a door, and found herself in your room.
Professor: All very fine, Mr. Holmes. But there is one little flaw in your splendid theory. I was myself in my room, and I never left it during the day.
Holmes: I am aware of that, Professor Coram.
Professor: And you mean to say that I could lie upon that bed and not be aware that a woman had entered my room?
Holmes: I never said so. You were aware of it. You spoke with her. You recognised her. You aided her to escape.
Professor: You are mad! You are talking insanely. I helped her to escape? Where is she now?
###
Professor: You are mad! You are talking insanely. I helped her to escape? Where is she now?
Holmes: She is there.
Woman: You are right! I am here.
Woman: Yes, sir, I am your prisoner. From where I stood I could hear everything, and I know that you have learned the truth. I confess it all. It was I who killed the young man. But you are right, you who say it was an accident. I did not even know that it was a knife which I held in my hand, for in my despair I snatched anything from the table and struck at him to make him let me go. It is the truth that I tell.
###
Holmes: Madam, I am sure that it is the truth. I fear that you are far from well.
Woman: I have only a little time here, but I would have you to know the whole truth. I am this man's wife. He is not an Englishman. He is a Russian. His name I will not tell.
Old Man: God bless you, Anna! God bless you!
Woman: Why should you cling so hard to that wretched life of yours, Sergius? It has done harm to many and good to none--not even to yourself. However, it is not for me to cause the frail thread to be snapped before God's time. I have enough already upon my soul since I crossed the threshold of this cursed house. But I must speak or I shall be too late. I have said, gentlemen, that I am this man's wife. He was fifty and I a foolish girl of twenty when we married. It was in a city of Russia, a University--I will not name the place.
Old Man: God bless you, Anna!
Woman: We were reformers--revolutionists--Nihilists, you understand. He and I and many more. Then there came a time of trouble, a police officer was killed, many were arrested, evidence was wanted, and in order to save his own life and to earn a great reward my husband betrayed his own wife and his companions. Yes, we were all arrested upon his confession. Some of us found our way to the gallows and some to Siberia. I was among these last, but my term was not for life. My husband came to England with his ill-gotten gains, and has lived in quiet ever since, knowing well that if the Brotherhood knew where he was not a week would pass before justice would be done.
Old Man: I am in your hands, Anna. You were always good to me.
###
Old man: You were always a noble woman, Anna
Anna: I must finish. When my term was over I set myself to get the diary and letters which, if sent to the Russian Government, would procure my friend's release. I knew that my husband had come to England. After months of searching I discovered where he was. I knew that he still had the diary, for when I was in Siberia I had a letter from him once reproaching me and quoting some passages from its pages. Yet I was sure that with his revengeful nature he would never give it to me of his own free will. I must get it for myself. With this object I engaged an agent from a private detective firm, who entered my husband's house as secretary--it was your second secretary, Sergius, the one who left you so hurriedly. He found that papers were kept in the cupboard, and he got an impression of the key. He would not go farther. He furnished me with a plan of the house, and he told me that in the forenoon the study was always empty, as the secretary was employed up here. So at last I took my courage in both hands and I came down to get the papers for myself. I succeeded, but at what a cost! I had just taken the papers and was locking the cupboard when the young man seized me. I had seen him already that morning. He had met me in the road and I had asked him to tell me where Professor Coram lived, not knowing that he was in his employ.
Holmes: Exactly! exactly! The secretary came back and told his employer of the woman he had met. Then in his last breath he tried to send a message that it was she--the she whom he had just discussed with him.
###
Holmes: Exactly! exactly! The secretary came back and told his employer of the woman he had met. Then in his last breath he tried to send a message that it was she--the she whom he had just discussed with him.
Woman: You must let me speak. When he had fallen I rushed from the room, chose the wrong door, and found myself in my husband's room. He spoke of giving me up. I showed him that if he did so his life was in my hands. If he gave me to the law I could give him to the Brotherhood. It was not that I wished to live for my own sake, but it was that I desired to accomplish my purpose. He knew that I would do what I said--that his own fate was involved in mine. For that reason and for no other he shielded me. He thrust me into that dark hiding-place, a relic of old days, known only to himself. He took his meals in his own room, and so was able to give me part of his food. It was agreed that when the police left the house I should slip away by night and come back no more. But in some way you have read our plans. These are my last words, here is the packet which will save Alexis. I confide it to your honour and to your love of justice. Take it! You will deliver it at the Russian Embassy. Now I have done my duty, and--
Holmes: Stop her! Too late! Too late! I took the poison before I left my hiding-place. My head swims! I am going! I charge you, sir, to remember the packet.
###
Woman: Too late! Too late! I took the poison before I left my hiding-place. My head swims! I am going! I charge you, sir, to remember the packet.
Holmes: A simple case, and yet in some ways an instructive one. It hinged from the outset upon the pince-nez. But for the fortunate chance of the dying man having seized these I am not sure that we could ever have reached our solution. It was clear to me from the strength of the glasses that the wearer must have been very blind and helpless when deprived of them. When you asked me to believe that she walked along a narrow strip of grass without once making a false step I remarked, as you may remember, that it was a noteworthy performance. In my mind I set it down as an impossible performance, save in the unlikely case that she had a second pair of glasses. I was forced, therefore, to seriously consider the hypothesis that she had remained within the house. On perceiving the similarity of the two corridors it became clear that she might very easily have made such a mistake, and in that case it was evident that she must have entered the Professor's room. I was keenly on the alert, therefore, for whatever would bear out this supposition, and I examined the room narrowly for anything in the shape of a hiding-place. The carpet seemed continuous and firmly nailed, so I dismissed the idea of a trap-door. There might well be a recess behind the books. As you are aware, such devices are common in old libraries. I observed that books were piled on the floor at all other points, but that one bookcase was left clear.
###
Holmes: This, then, might be the door. I could see no marks to guide me, but the carpet was of a dun colour, which lends itself very well to examination. I therefore smoked a great number of those excellent cigarettes, and I dropped the ash all over the space in front of the suspected bookcase. It was a simple trick, but exceedingly effective. I then went downstairs and I ascertained, in your presence, Watson, without your perceiving the drift of my remarks, that Professor Coram's consumption of food had increased--as one would expect when he is supplying a second person. We then ascended to the room again, when, by upsetting the cigarette-box, I obtained a very excellent view of the floor, and was able to see quite clearly, from the traces upon the cigarette ash, that the prisoner had, in our absence, come out from her retreat. Well, Hopkins, here we are at Charing Cross, and I congratulate you on having brought your case to a successful conclusion. You are going to head-quarters, no doubt. I think, Watson, you and I will drive together to the Russian Embassy.
Watson: We were fairly accustomed to receive weird telegrams at Baker Street, but I have a particular recollection of one which reached us on a gloomy February morning some seven or eight years ago and gave Mr. Sherlock Holmes a puzzled quarter of an hour. It was addressed to him, and ran thus: "Please await me. Terrible misfortune. Right wing three-quarter missing; indispensable to-morrow. Overton." "Strand post-mark and dispatched ten-thirty-six," said Holmes, reading it over and over. "Mr. Overton was evidently considerably excited when he sent it, and somewhat incoherent in consequence. Well, well, he will be here, I dare say, by the time I have looked through the times, and then we shall know all about it. Even the most insignificant problem would be welcome in these stagnant days.
###
Watson: Things had indeed been very slow with us, and I had learned to dread such periods of inaction, for I knew by experience that my companion's brain was so abnormally active that it was dangerous to leave it without material upon which to work. For years I had gradually weaned him from that drug mania which had threatened once to check his remarkable career. Now I knew that under ordinary conditions he no longer craved for this artificial stimulus, but I was well aware that the fiend was not dead, but sleeping; and I have known that the sleep was a light one and the waking near when in periods of idleness I have seen the drawn look upon Holmes's ascetic face, and the brooding of his deep-set and inscrutable eyes. Therefore I blessed this Mr. Overton, whoever he might be, since he had come with his enigmatic message to break that dangerous calm which brought more peril to my friend than all the storms of his tempestuous life.
Overton: Mr. Sherlock Holmes?
Holmes: I've been down to Scotland Yard, Mr. Holmes. I saw Inspector Stanley Hopkins. He advised me to come to you. He said the case, so far as he could see, was more in your line than in that of the regular police.
Holmes: Pray sit down and tell me what is the matter.
###
Watson: Pray sit down and tell me what is the matter.
Visitor: It's awful, Mr. Holmes, simply awful! I wonder my hair isn't grey. Godfrey Staunton--you've heard of him, of course? He's simply the hinge that the whole team turns on. I'd rather spare two from the pack and have Godfrey for my three-quarter line. Whether it's passing, or tackling, or dribbling, there's no one to touch him; and then, he's got the head and can hold us all together. What am I to do? That's what I ask you, Mr. Holmes. There's Moorhouse, first reserve, but he is trained as a half, and he always edges right in on to the scrum instead of keeping out on the touch-line. He's a fine place-kick, it's true, but, then, he has no judgment, and he can't sprint for nuts. Why, Morton or Johnson, the Oxford fliers, could romp round him. Stevenson is fast enough, but he couldn't drop from the twenty-five line, and a three-quarter who can't either punt or drop isn't worth a place for pace alone. No, Mr. Holmes, we are done unless you can help me to find Godfrey Staunton.
Holmes: There is Arthur H. Staunton, the rising young forger, and there was Henry Staunton, whom I helped to hang, but Godfrey Staunton is a new name to me.
Visitor: Why, Mr. Holmes, I thought you knew things. I suppose, then, if you have never heard of Godfrey Staunton you don't know Cyril Overton either?
Holmes: *shook his head good-humouredly.
###
Visitor: Why, Mr. Holmes, I thought you knew things. I suppose, then, if you have never heard of Godfrey Staunton you don't know Cyril Overton either?
Holmes: Great Scot! Why, I was first reserve for England against Wales, and I've skippered the 'Varsity all this year. But that's nothing! I didn't think there was a soul in England who didn't know Godfrey Staunton, the crack three-quarter, Cambridge, Blackheath, and five Internationals. Good Lord! Mr. Holmes, where have you lived?
Holmes: You live in a different world to me, Mr. Overton, a sweeter and healthier one. My ramifications stretch out into many sections of society, but never, I am happy to say, into amateur sport, which is the best and soundest thing in England. However, your unexpected visit this morning shows me that even in that world of fresh air and fair play there may be work for me to do; so now, my good sir, I beg you to sit down and to tell me slowly and quietly exactly what it is that has occurred, and how you desire that I should help you.
###
Cyril Overton: He was a sportsman, was Godfrey, down to his marrow, and he wouldn't have stopped his training and let in his skipper if it were not for some cause that was too strong for him. No; I feel as if he were gone for good and we should never see him again.
Holmes: What did you do?
Cyril Overton: I wired to Cambridge to learn if anything had been heard of him there. I have had an answer. No one has seen him.
Holmes: Could he have got back to Cambridge?
Cyril Overton: Yes, there is a late train--quarter-past eleven.
Holmes: But so far as you can ascertain he did not take it?
Cyril Overton: No, he has not been seen.
Holmes: What did you do next?
Cyril Overton: I wired to Lord Mount-James.
Holmes: Why to Lord Mount James?
Cyril Overton: Godfrey is an orphan, and Lord Mount-James is his nearest relative--his uncle, I believe.
Holmes: Indeed. This throws new light upon the matter. Lord Mount-James is one of the richest men in England.
Cyril Overton: So I've heard Godfrey say.
Holmes: And your friend was closely related?
Cyril Overton: Yes, he was his heir, and the old boy is nearly eighty--cram full of gout, too. They say he could chalk his billiard-cue with his knuckles. He never allowed Godfrey a shilling in his life, for he is an absolute miser, but it will all come to him right enough.
Holmes: Have you heard from Lord Mount-James?
Cyril Overton: No.
Holmes: What motive could your friend have in going to Lord Mount-James?
Cyril Overton: Well, something was worrying him the night before, and if it was to do with money it is possible that he would make for his nearest relative who had so much of it, though from all I have heard he would not have much chance of getting it. Godfrey was not fond of the old man. He would not go if he could help it.
Holmes: Well, we can soon determine that. If your friend was going to his relative, Lord Mount-James, you have then to explain the visit of this rough-looking fellow at so late an hour, and the agitation that was caused by his coming.
Cyril Overton: I can make nothing of it.
###
Cyril Overton: I can make nothing of it.
Holmes: Well, well, I have a clear day, and I shall be happy to look into the matter. I should strongly recommend you to make your preparations for your match without reference to this young gentleman. It must, as you say, have been an overpowering necessity which tore him away in such a fashion, and the same necessity is likely to hold him away. Let us step round together to this hotel, and see if the porter can throw any fresh light upon the matter.
Holmes: Let me see, You are the day porter, are you not?
Porter: Yes, sir; I go off duty at eleven.
Holmes: The night porter saw nothing, I suppose?
Porter: No, sir; one theatre party came in late. No one else.
Holmes: Were you on duty all day yesterday?
Porter: Yes, sir.
Holmes: Did you take any messages to Mr. Staunton?
Porter: Yes, sir; one telegram.
Holmes: Ah! that's interesting. What o'clock was this?
Porter: About six.
Holmes: Where was Mr. Staunton when he received it?
Porter: Here in his room.
Holmes: Were you present when he opened it?
Porter: Yes, sir; I waited to see if there was an answer.
Holmes: Well, was there?
Porter: Yes, sir. He wrote an answer.
Holmes: Did you take it?
###
Holmes: About six. Where was Mr. Staunton when he received it?
Porter: Here in his room.
Holmes: Were you present when he opened it?
Porter: Yes, sir; I waited to see if there was an answer.
Holmes: Well, was there?
Porter: Yes, sir. He wrote an answer.
Holmes: Did you take it?
Porter: No; he took it himself.
Holmes: But he wrote it in your presence?
Porter: Yes, sir. I was standing by the door, and he with his back turned at that table. When he had written it he said, 'All right, porter, I will take this myself.'
Holmes: What did he write it with?
Porter: A pen, sir.
Holmes: Was the telegraphic form one of these on the table?
Porter: Yes, sir; it was the top one.
Holmes: It is a pity he did not write in pencil. As you have no doubt frequently observed, Watson, the impression usually goes through--a fact which has dissolved many a happy marriage. However, I can find no trace here. I rejoice, however, to perceive that he wrote with a broad-pointed quill pen, and I can hardly doubt that we will find some impression upon this blotting-pad. Ah, yes, surely this is the very thing!
Holmes: Hold it to the glass!
Holmes: That is unnecessary. The paper is thin, and the reverse will give the message. Here it is. Stand by us for Gods sake!
###
Overton: Hold it to the glass!
Holmes: That is unnecessary. The paper is thin, and the reverse will give the message. Here it is.
Holmes: So that is the tail end of the telegram which Godfrey Staunton dispatched within a few hours of his disappearance. There are at least six words of the message which have escaped us; but what remains--'Stand by us for God's sake!' --proves that this young man saw a formidable danger which approached him, and from which someone else could protect him. 'Us,' mark you! Another person was involved. Who should it be but the pale-faced, bearded man, who seemed himself in so nervous a state? What, then, is the connection between Godfrey Staunton and the bearded man? And what is the third source from which each of them sought for help against pressing danger? Our inquiry has already narrowed down to that.
Watson: We have only to find to whom that telegram is addressed.
Holmes: Exactly, my dear Watson. Your reflection, though profound, had already crossed my mind. But I dare say it may have come to your notice that if you walk into a post-office and demand to see the counterfoil of another man's message there may be some disinclination on the part of the officials to oblige you. There is so much red tape in these matters! However, I have no doubt that with a little delicacy and finesse the end may be attained. Meanwhile, I should like in your presence, Mr. Overton, to go through these papers which have been left upon the table.
Holmes: Nothing here. By the way, I suppose your friend was a healthy young fellow--nothing amiss with him?
Overton: Sound as a bell.
Holmes: Have you ever known him ill?
Overton: Not a day. He has been laid up with a hack, and once he slipped his knee-cap, but that was nothing.
###
Watson: Sound as a bell.
Holmes: Have you ever known him ill?
Watson: Not a day. He has been laid up with a hack, and once he slipped his knee-cap, but that was nothing.
Holmes: Perhaps he was not so strong as you suppose. I should think he may have had some secret trouble. With your assent I will put one or two of these papers in my pocket, in case they should bear upon our future inquiry.
Unknown: One moment! one moment!
Unknown: Who are you, sir, and by what right do you touch this gentleman's papers?
Holmes: I am a private detective, and I am endeavouring to explain his disappearance.
Unknown: Oh, you are, are you? And who instructed you, eh?
Holmes: This gentleman, Mr. Staunton's friend, was referred to me by Scotland Yard.
Unknown: Who are you, sir?
Overton: I am Cyril Overton.
Unknown: Then it is you who sent me a telegram. My name is Lord Mount-James. I came round as quickly as the Bayswater 'bus would bring me. So you have instructed a detective?
Overton: Yes, sir.
Lord Mount-James: And are you prepared to meet the cost?
Overton: I have no doubt, sir, that my friend Godfrey, when we find him, will be prepared to do that.
Lord Mount-James: But if he is never found, eh? Answer me that!
###
Visitor: Heavens, sir, what an idea! I never thought of such villainy! What inhuman rogues there are in the world! But Godfrey is a fine lad--a staunch lad. Nothing would induce him to give his old uncle away. I'll have the plate moved over to the bank this evening. In the meantime spare no pains, Mr. Detective! I beg you to leave no stone unturned to bring him safely back. As to money, well, so far as a fiver, or even a tenner, goes, you can always look to me.
Narrator: Even in his chastened frame of mind the noble miser could give us no information which could help us, for he knew little of the private life of his nephew. Our only clue lay in the truncated telegram, and with a copy of this in his hand Holmes set forth to find a second link for his chain. We had shaken off Lord Mount-James, and Overton had gone to consult with the other members of his team over the misfortune which had befallen them.
Holmes: It's worth trying, Watson. Of course, with a warrant we could demand to see the counterfoils, but we have not reached that stage yet. I don't suppose they remember faces in so busy a place. Let us venture it.
Holmes: I am sorry to trouble you, said he, in his blandest manner, to the young woman behind the grating; "there is some small mistake about a telegram I sent yesterday. I have had no answer, and I very much fear that I must have omitted to put my name at the end. Could you tell me if this was so?"
Telegraph Office Employee: What o'clock was it? she asked.
Holmes: The last words in it were 'for God's sake,' I am very anxious at getting no answer.
Telegraph Office Employee: This is it. There is no name, said she, smoothing it out upon the counter.
###
Young Woman: This is it. There is no name.
Holmes: Then that, of course, accounts for my getting no answer. Dear me, how very stupid of me, to be sure! Good morning, miss, and many thanks for having relieved my mind.
Holmes: We progress, my dear Watson, we progress. I had seven different schemes for getting a glimpse of that telegram, but I could hardly hope to succeed the very first time.
Watson: And what have you gained?
Holmes: A starting-point for our investigation. King's Cross Station. We have a journey, then? Yes; I think we must run down to Cambridge together. All the indications seem to me to point in that direction.
Watson: Tell me, have you any suspicion yet as to the cause of the disappearance? I don't think that among all our cases I have known one where the motives are more obscure. Surely you don't really imagine that he may be kidnapped in order to give information against his wealthy uncle?
Holmes: I confess, my dear Watson, that that does not appeal to me as a very probable explanation. It struck me, however, as being the one which was most likely to interest that exceedingly unpleasant old person. It certainly did that. But what are your alternatives?
###
Watson: It certainly did that. But what are your alternatives?
Holmes: I could mention several. You must admit that it is curious and suggestive that this incident should occur on the eve of this important match, and should involve the only man whose presence seems essential to the success of the side. It may, of course, be coincidence, but it is interesting. Amateur sport is free from betting, but a good deal of outside betting goes on among the public, and it is possible that it might be worth someone's while to get at a player as the ruffians of the turf get at a race-horse. There is one explanation. A second very obvious one is that this young man really is the heir of a great property, however modest his means may at present be, and it is not impossible that a plot to hold him for ransom might be concocted.
Watson: These theories take no account of the telegram.
Holmes: Quite true, Watson. The telegram still remains the only solid thing with which we have to deal, and we must not permit our attention to wander away from it. It is to gain light upon the purpose of this telegram that we are now upon our way to Cambridge. The path of our investigation is at present obscure, but I shall be very much surprised if before evening we have not cleared it up or made a considerable advance along it.
Watson: It was already dark when we reached the old University city. Holmes took a cab at the station, and ordered the man to drive to the house of Dr. Leslie Armstrong. A few minutes later we had stopped at a large mansion in the busiest thoroughfare. We were shown in, and after a long wait were at last admitted into the consulting-room, where we found the doctor seated behind his table.
###
Watson: I have heard your name, Mr. Sherlock Holmes, and I am aware of your profession, one of which I by no means approve.
Holmes: In that, doctor, you will find yourself in agreement with every criminal in the country.
Watson: So far as your efforts are directed towards the suppression of crime, sir, they must have the support of every reasonable member of the community, though I cannot doubt that the official machinery is amply sufficient for the purpose. Where your calling is more open to criticism is when you pry into the secrets of private individuals, when you rake up family matters which are better hidden, and when you incidentally waste the time of men who are more busy than yourself. At the present moment, for example, I should be writing a treatise instead of conversing with you.
###
Holmes: No doubt, doctor; and yet the conversation may prove more important than the treatise. Incidentally I may tell you that we are doing the reverse of what you very justly blame, and that we are endeavouring to prevent anything like public exposure of private matters which must necessarily follow when once the case is fairly in the hands of the official police. You may look upon me simply as an irregular pioneer who goes in front of the regular forces of the country. I have come to ask you about Mr. Godfrey Staunton.
Watson: What about him?
Holmes: You know him, do you not?
Watson: He is an intimate friend of mine.
Holmes: You are aware that he has disappeared?
Watson: Ah, indeed! He left his hotel last night. He has not been heard of.
Holmes: No doubt he will return.
Watson: To-morrow is the 'Varsity football match.
Holmes: I have no sympathy with these childish games. The young man's fate interests me deeply, since I know him and like him. The football match does not come within my horizon at all.
Watson: I claim your sympathy, then, in my investigation of Mr. Staunton's fate. Do you know where he is?
Holmes: Certainly not. You have not seen him since yesterday?
Watson: No, I have not.
Holmes: Was Mr. Staunton a healthy man?
Watson: Absolutely. Did you ever know him ill?
Holmes: Never.
Holmes: Then perhaps you will explain this receipted bill for thirteen guineas, paid by Mr. Godfrey Staunton last month to Dr. Leslie Armstrong of Cambridge. I picked it out from among the papers upon his desk.
Doctor: I do not feel that there is any reason why I should render an explanation to you, Mr. Holmes.
Holmes: If you prefer a public explanation it must come sooner or later. I have already told you that I can hush up that which others will be bound to publish, and you would really be wiser to take me into your complete confidence.
Doctor: I know nothing about it.
###
Watson: I know nothing about it.
Holmes: Did you hear from Mr. Staunton in London?
Watson: Certainly not.
Holmes: Dear me, dear me; the post-office again! A most urgent telegram was dispatched to you from London by Godfrey Staunton at six-fifteen yesterday evening--a telegram which is undoubtedly associated with his disappearance--and yet you have not had it. It is most culpable. I shall certainly go down to the office here and register a complaint.
Dr. Leslie Armstrong: I'll trouble you to walk out of my house, sir. You can tell your employer, Lord Mount-James, that I do not wish to have anything to do either with him or with his agents. No, sir, not another word! John, show these gentlemen out!
Holmes: Dr. Leslie Armstrong is certainly a man of energy and character. I have not seen a man who, if he turned his talents that way, was more calculated to fill the gap left by the illustrious Moriarty. And now, my poor Watson, here we are, stranded and friendless in this inhospitable town, which we cannot leave without abandoning our case. This little inn just opposite Armstrong's house is singularly adapted to our needs. If you would engage a front room and purchase the necessaries for the night, I may have time to make a few inquiries.
###
Holmes: It's been out three hours, started at half-past six, and here it is back again. That gives a radius of ten or twelve miles, and he does it once, or sometimes twice, a day.
Watson: No unusual thing for a doctor in practice.
Holmes: But Armstrong is not really a doctor in practice. He is a lecturer and a consultant, but he does not care for general practice, which distracts him from his literary work. Why, then, does he make these long journeys, which must be exceedingly irksome to him, and who is it that he visits?
Watson: His coachman-
Holmes: My dear Watson, can you doubt that it was to him that I first applied? I do not know whether it came from his own innate depravity or from the promptings of his master, but he was rude enough to set a dog at me. Neither dog nor man liked the look of my stick, however, and the matter fell through. Relations were strained after that, and further inquiries out of the question. All that I have learned I got from a friendly native in the yard of our own inn. It was he who told me of the doctor's habits and of his daily journey. At that instant, to give point to his words, the carriage came round to the door.
Watson: Could you not follow it?
###
Watson: Could you not follow it?
Holmes: Excellent, Watson! You are scintillating this evening. The idea did cross my mind. There is, as you may have observed, a bicycle shop next to our inn. Into this I rushed, engaged a bicycle, and was able to get started before the carriage was quite out of sight. I rapidly overtook it, and then, keeping at a discreet distance of a hundred yards or so, I followed its lights until we were clear of the town. We had got well out on the country road when a somewhat mortifying incident occurred. The carriage stopped, the doctor alighted, walked swiftly back to where I had also halted, and told me in an excellent sardonic fashion that he feared the road was narrow, and that he hoped his carriage did not impede the passage of my bicycle. Nothing could have been more admirable than his way of putting it. I at once rode past the carriage, and, keeping to the main road, I went on for a few miles, and then halted in a convenient place to see if the carriage passed. There was no sign of it, however, and so it became evident that it had turned down one of several side roads which I had observed. I rode back, but again saw nothing of the carriage, and now, as you perceive, it has returned after me. Of course, I had at the outset no particular reason to connect these journeys with the disappearance of Godfrey Staunton, and was only inclined to investigate them on the general grounds that everything which concerns Dr. Armstrong is at present of interest to us; but, now that I find he keeps so keen a look-out upon anyone who may follow him on these excursions, the affair appears more important, and I shall not be satisfied until I have made the matter clear.
Watson: We can follow him tomorrow.
###
Holmes: We can follow him tomorrow.
Watson: Can we? It is not so easy as you seem to think. You are not familiar with Cambridgeshire scenery, are you? It does not lend itself to concealment. All this country that I passed over tonight is as flat and clean as the palm of your hand, and the man we are following is no fool, as he very clearly showed tonight. I have wired to Overton to let us know any fresh London developments at this address, and in the meantime we can only concentrate our attention upon Dr. Armstrong, whose name the obliging young lady at the office allowed me to read upon the counterfoil of Staunton's urgent message. He knows where the young man is--to that I'll swear--and if he knows, then it must be our own fault if we cannot manage to know also. At present it must be admitted that the odd trick is in his possession, and, as you are aware, Watson, it is not my habit to leave the game in that condition.
Holmes: An outspoken, honest antagonist is the doctor. Well, well, he excites my curiosity, and I must really know more before I leave him.
Watson: His carriage is at his door now. There he is stepping into it. I saw him glance up at our window as he did so. Suppose I try my luck upon the bicycle?
###
Watson: His carriage is at his door now. There he is stepping into it. I saw him glance up at our window as he did so. Suppose I try my luck upon the bicycle?
Holmes: No, no, my dear Watson! With all respect for your natural acumen I do not think that you are quite a match for the worthy doctor. I think that possibly I can attain our end by some independent explorations of my own. I am afraid that I must leave you to your own devices, as the appearance of two inquiring strangers upon a sleepy countryside might excite more gossip than I care for. No doubt you will find some sights to amuse you in this venerable city, and I hope to bring back a more favourable report to you before evening.
Watson: I have had a blank day, Watson. Having got the doctor's general direction, I spent the day in visiting all the villages upon that side of Cambridge, and comparing notes with publicans and other local news agencies. I have covered some ground: Chesterton, Histon, Waterbeach, and Oakington have each been explored and have each proved disappointing. The daily appearance of a brougham and pair could hardly have been overlooked in such Sleepy Hollows. The doctor has scored once more. Is there a telegram for me?
Holmes: Yes; I opened it. Here it is: 'Ask for Pompey from Jeremy Dixon, Trinity College.' I don't understand it. Oh, it is clear enough. It is from our friend Overton, and is in answer to a question from me. I'll just send round a note to Mr. Jeremy Dixon, and then I have no doubt that our luck will turn. By the way, is there any news of the match?
Watson: Yes, the local evening paper has an excellent account in its last edition. Oxford won by a goal and two tries. The last sentences of the description say:
###
Holmes: Yes, the local evening paper has an excellent account in its last edition. Oxford won by a goal and two tries. The defeat of the Light Blues may be entirely attributed to the unfortunate absence of the crack International, Godfrey Staunton, whose want was felt at every instant of the game. The lack of combination in the three-quarter line and their weakness both in attack and defence more than neutralized the efforts of a heavy and hard-working pack. Then our friend Overton's forebodings have been justified. Personally I am in agreement with Dr. Armstrong, and football does not come within my horizon. Early to bed to-night, Watson, for I foresee that to-morrow may be an eventful day.
Watson: I was horrified by my first glimpse of Holmes next morning, for he sat by the fire holding his tiny hypodermic syringe. I associated that instrument with the single weakness of his nature, and I feared the worst when I saw it glittering in his hand. No, no, my dear fellow, there is no cause for alarm. It is not upon this occasion the instrument of evil, but it will rather prove to be the key which will unlock our mystery. On this syringe I base all my hopes. I have just returned from a small scouting expedition and everything is favourable. Eat a good breakfast, Watson, for I propose to get upon Dr. Armstrong's trail to-day, and once on it I will not stop for rest or food until I run him to his burrow. In that case, we had best carry our breakfast with us, for he is making an early start. His carriage is at the door. Never mind. Let him go. He will be clever if he can drive where I cannot follow him. When you have finished come downstairs with me, and I will introduce you to a detective who is a very eminent specialist in the work that lies before us.
###
Holmes: Never mind. Let him go. He will be clever if he can drive where I cannot follow him. When you have finished come downstairs with me, and I will introduce you to a detective who is a very eminent specialist in the work that lies before us.
Holmes: Let me introduce you to Pompey. Pompey is the pride of the local draghounds, no very great flier, as his build will show, but a staunch hound on a scent. Well, Pompey, you may not be fast, but I expect you will be too fast for a couple of middle-aged London gentlemen, so I will take the liberty of fastening this leather leash to your collar. Now, boy, come along, and show what you can do.
Watson: What have you done, Holmes?
Holmes: A threadbare and venerable device, but useful upon occasion. I walked into the doctor's yard this morning and shot my syringe full of aniseed over the hind wheel. A draghound will follow aniseed from here to John o' Groat's, and our friend Armstrong would have to drive through the Cam before he would shake Pompey off his trail. Oh, the cunning rascal! This is how he gave me the slip the other night.
###
Holmes: This dtour has been entirely for our benefit, then? No wonder that my inquiries among those villages led to nothing. The doctor has certainly played the game for all it is worth, and one would like to know the reason for such elaborate deception. This should be the village of Trumpington to the right of us. And, by Jove! here is the brougham coming round the corner. Quick, Watson, quick, or we are done!
Holmes: I fear there is some dark ending to our quest. It cannot be long before we know it. Come, Pompey! Ah, it is the cottage in the field!
Holmes: By Jove, the doctor is coming back! That settles it. We are bound to see what it means before he comes.
###
Holmes: Are you Mr. Godfrey Staunton?
Staunton: Yes, yes; I am--but you are too late. She is dead.
Armstrong: So, gentlemen, you have attained your end, and have certainly chosen a particularly delicate moment for your intrusion. I would not brawl in the presence of death, but I can assure you that if I were a younger man your monstrous conduct would not pass with impunity.
Holmes: Excuse me, Dr. Armstrong, I think we are a little at cross-purposes. If you could step downstairs with us we may each be able to give some light to the other upon this miserable affair.
Armstrong: Well, sir?
###
Holmes: Well, sir?
Holmes: I wish you to understand, in the first place, that I am not employed by Lord Mount-James, and that my sympathies in this matter are entirely against that nobleman. When a man is lost it is my duty to ascertain his fate, but having done so the matter ends so far as I am concerned; and so long as there is nothing criminal, I am much more anxious to hush up private scandals than to give them publicity. If, as I imagine, there is no breach of the law in this matter, you can absolutely depend upon my discretion and my co-operation in keeping the facts out of the papers.
Dr. Armstrong: took a quick step forward and wrung Holmes by the hand.
###
Watson: I tried to cheer him up by a wire, and he sent me one in reply imploring me to do all I could. This was the telegram which you appear in some inexplicable way to have seen. I did not tell him how urgent the danger was, for I knew that he could do no good here, but I sent the truth to the girl's father, and he very injudiciously communicated it to Godfrey. The result was that he came straight away in a state bordering on frenzy, and has remained in the same state, kneeling at the end of her bed, until this morning death put an end to her sufferings. That is all, Mr. Holmes, and I am sure that I can rely upon your discretion and that of your friend.
Holmes: Come, Watson, The game is afoot. Not a word! Into your clothes and come!
Holmes: Come, Watson, come! The game is afoot. Not a word! Into your clothes and come!
Holmes: The first faint winter's dawn was beginning to appear, and we could dimly see the occasional figure of an early workman as he passed us, blurred and indistinct in the opalescent London reek. Holmes nestled in silence into his heavy coat, and I was glad to do the same, for the air was most bitter and neither of us had broken our fast. It was not until we had consumed some hot tea at the station, and taken our places in the Kentish train, that we were sufficiently thawed, he to speak and I to listen. Holmes drew a note from his pocket and read it aloud.
###
Holmes: Hopkins has called me in seven times, and on each occasion his summons has been entirely justified. I fancy that every one of his cases has found its way into your collection, and I must admit, Watson, that you have some power of selection which atones for much which I deplore in your narratives. Your fatal habit of looking at everything from the point of view of a story instead of as a scientific exercise has ruined what might have been an instructive and even classical series of demonstrations. You slur over work of the utmost finesse and delicacy in order to dwell upon sensational details which may excite, but cannot possibly instruct, the reader.
Watson: Why do you not write them yourself?
Holmes: I will, my dear Watson, I will. At present I am, as you know, fairly busy, but I propose to devote my declining years to the composition of a text-book which shall focus the whole art of detection into one volume. Our present research appears to be a case of murder.
###
Watson: You think this Sir Eustace is dead, then?
Holmes: I should say so. Hopkins's writing shows considerable agitation, and he is not an emotional man. Yes, I gather there has been violence, and that the body is left for our inspection. A mere suicide would not have caused him to send for me. As to the release of the lady, it would appear that she has been locked in her room during the tragedy. We are moving in high life, Watson; crackling paper, 'E.B.' monogram, coat-of-arms, picturesque address. I think that friend Hopkins will live up to his reputation and that we shall have an interesting morning. The crime was committed before twelve last night.
Watson: How can you possibly tell?
Holmes: By an inspection of the trains and by reckoning the time. The local police had to be called in, they had to communicate with Scotland Yard, Hopkins had to go out, and he in turn had to send for me. All that makes a fair night's work. Well, here we are at Chislehurst Station, and we shall soon set our doubts at rest.
Watson: A drive of a couple of miles through narrow country lanes brought us to a park gate, which was opened for us by an old lodge-keeper, whose haggard face bore the reflection of some great disaster. The avenue ran through a noble park, between lines of ancient elms, and ended in a low, widespread house, pillared in front after the fashion of Palladio. The central part was evidently of a great age and shrouded in ivy, but the large windows showed that modern changes had been carried out, and one wing of the house appeared to be entirely new. The youthful figure and alert, eager face of Inspector Stanley Hopkins confronted us in the open doorway.
Hopkins: I'm very glad you have come, Mr. Holmes. And you too, Dr. Watson! But, indeed, if I had my time over again I should not have troubled you, for since the lady has come to herself she has given so clear an account of the affair that there is not much left for us to do. You remember that Lewisham gang of burglars?
Watson: What, the three Randalls?
###
Holmes: What, the three Randalls?
Watson: Exactly; the father and two sons. It's their work. I have not a doubt of it. They did a job at Sydenham a fortnight ago, and were seen and described. Rather cool to do another so soon and so near, but it is they, beyond all doubt. It's a hanging matter this time.
Holmes: Sir Eustace is dead, then?
Watson: Yes; his head was knocked in with his own poker.
Holmes: Sir Eustace Brackenstall, the driver tells me.
Watson: Exactly--one of the richest men in Kent. Lady Brackenstall is in the morning-room. Poor lady, she has had a most dreadful experience. She seemed half dead when I saw her first. I think you had best see her and hear her account of the facts. Then we will examine the dining-room together.
Watson: I have told you all that happened, Mr. Hopkins, could you not repeat it for me? Well, if you think it necessary, I will tell these gentlemen what occurred. Have they been in the dining-room yet?
###
Holmes: I thought they had better hear your ladyship's story first.
Lady Brackenstall: I shall be glad when you can arrange matters. It is horrible to me to think of him still lying there.
Lady Brackenstall: It is nothing. It has no connection with the hideous business of last night. If you and your friend will sit down I will tell you all I can.
Lady Brackenstall: I am the wife of Sir Eustace Brackenstall. I have been married about a year. I suppose that it is no use my attempting to conceal that our marriage has not been a happy one. I fear that all our neighbours would tell you that, even if I were to attempt to deny it. Perhaps the fault may be partly mine. I was brought up in the freer, less conventional atmosphere of South Australia, and this English life, with its proprieties and its primness, is not congenial to me. But the main reason lies in the one fact which is notorious to everyone, and that is that Sir Eustace was a confirmed drunkard. To be with such a man for an hour is unpleasant. Can you imagine what it means for a sensitive and high-spirited woman to be tied to him for day and night? It is a sacrilege, a crime, a villainy to hold that such a marriage is binding. I say that these monstrous laws of yours will bring a curse upon the land--Heaven will not let such wickedness endure.
###
Lady Brackenstall: I was so firmly bound that I could not move, and a handkerchief round my mouth prevented me from uttering any sound. It was at this instant that my unfortunate husband entered the room. He had evidently heard some suspicious sounds, and he came prepared for such a scene as he found. He was dressed in his shirt and trousers, with his favourite blackthorn cudgel in his hand. He rushed at one of the burglars, but another--it was the elderly man--stooped, picked the poker out of the grate, and struck him a horrible blow as he passed. He fell without a groan, and never moved again. I fainted once more, but again it could only have been a very few minutes during which I was insensible. When I opened my eyes I found that they had collected the silver from the sideboard, and they had drawn a bottle of wine which stood there. Each of them had a glass in his hand. I have already told you, have I not, that one was elderly, with a beard, and the others young, hairless lads. They might have been a father with his two sons. They talked together in whispers. Then they came over and made sure that I was still securely bound. Finally they withdrew, closing the window after them. It was quite a quarter of an hour before I got my mouth free. When I did so my screams brought the maid to my assistance. The other servants were soon alarmed, and we sent for the local police, who instantly communicated with London. That is really all that I can tell you, gentlemen, and I trust that it will not be necessary for me to go over so painful a story again.
Hopkins: Any questions, Mr. Holmes?
Holmes: I will not impose any further tax upon Lady Brackenstall's patience and time. Before I go into the dining-room I should like to hear your experience. He looked at the maid.
###
Hopkins: Any questions, Mr. Holmes?
Holmes: I will not impose any further tax upon Lady Brackenstall's patience and time. Before I go into the dining-room I should like to hear your experience.
Maid: I saw the men before ever they came into the house. As I sat by my bedroom window I saw three men in the moonlight down by the lodge gate yonder, but I thought nothing of it at the time. It was more than an hour after that I heard my mistress scream, and down I ran, to find her, poor lamb, just as she says, and him on the floor with his blood and brains over the room. It was enough to drive a woman out of her wits, tied there, and her very dress spotted with him; but she never wanted courage, did Miss Mary Fraser of Adelaide, and Lady Brackenstall of Abbey Grange hasn't learned new ways. You've questioned her long enough, you gentlemen, and now she is coming to her own room, just with her old Theresa, to get the rest that she badly needs.
Hopkins: She has been with her all her life. Nursed her as a baby, and came with her to England when they first left Australia eighteen months ago. Theresa Wright is her name, and the kind of maid you don't pick up nowadays. This way, Mr. Holmes, if you please!
Watson: The keen interest had passed out of Holmes's expressive face, and I knew that with the mystery all the charm of the case had departed. There still remained an arrest to be effected, but what were these commonplace rogues that he should soil his hands with them? An abstruse and learned specialist who finds that he has been called in for a case of measles would experience something of the annoyance which I read in my friend's eyes. Yet the scene in the dining-room of the Abbey Grange was sufficiently strange to arrest his attention and to recall his waning interest.
###
Holmes: He must be a powerful man, this elder Randall.
Hopkins: Yes, I have some record of the fellow, and he is a rough customer.
Holmes: You should have no difficulty in getting him.
###
Holmes: He must be a powerful man, this elder Randall.
Hopkins: Yes, I have some record of the fellow, and he is a rough customer.
Holmes: You should have no difficulty in getting him.
Hopkins: Not the slightest. We have been on the look-out for him, and there was some idea that he had got away to America. Now that we know the gang are here I don't see how they can escape. We have the news at every seaport already, and a reward will be offered before evening. What beats me is how they could have done so mad a thing, knowing that the lady could describe them, and that we could not fail to recognise the description.
Holmes: Exactly. One would have expected that they would have silenced Lady Brackenstall as well.
Hopkins: They may not have realized that she had recovered from her faint.
Holmes: That is likely enough. If she seemed to be senseless they would not take her life. What about this poor fellow, Hopkins? I seem to have heard some queer stories about him.
Hopkins: He was a good-hearted man when he was sober, but a perfect fiend when he was drunk, or rather when he was half drunk, for he seldom really went the whole way. The devil seemed to be in him at such times, and he was capable of anything. From what I hear, in spite of all his wealth and his title, he very nearly came our way once or twice. There was a scandal about his drenching a dog with petroleum and setting it on fire--her ladyship's dog, to make the matter worse--and that was only hushed up with difficulty. Then he threw a decanter at that maid, Theresa Wright; there was trouble about that. On the whole, and between ourselves, it will be a brighter house without him. What are you looking at now?
Holmes: When this was pulled down the bell in the kitchen must have rung loudly.
###
Holmes: When this was pulled down the bell in the kitchen must have rung loudly.
Watson: No one could hear it. The kitchen stands right at the back of the house.
Holmes: How did the burglar know no one would hear it? How dared he pull at a bell-rope in that reckless fashion?
Watson: Exactly, Mr. Holmes, exactly. You put the very question which I have asked myself again and again. There can be no doubt that this fellow must have known the house and its habits. He must have perfectly understood that the servants would all be in bed at that comparatively early hour, and that no one could possibly hear a bell ring in the kitchen. Therefore he must have been in close league with one of the servants. Surely that is evident. But there are eight servants, and all of good character.
Holmes: Other things being equal, one would suspect the one at whose head the master threw a decanter. And yet that would involve treachery towards the mistress to whom this woman seems devoted. Well, well, the point is a minor one, and when you have Randall you will probably find no difficulty in securing his accomplice. The lady's story certainly seems to be corroborated, if it needed corroboration, by every detail which we see before us. There are no signs here, but the ground is iron hard, and one would not expect them. I see that these candles on the mantelpiece have been lighted.
Watson: Yes; it was by their light and that of the lady's bedroom candle that the burglars saw their way about.
Holmes: And what did they take?
Watson: Well, they did not take much--only half-a-dozen articles of plate off the sideboard. Lady Brackenstall thinks that they were themselves so disturbed by the death of Sir Eustace that they did not ransack the house as they would otherwise have done.
Holmes: No doubt that is true. And yet they drank some wine, I understand.
Watson: To steady their own nerves.
Holmes: Exactly. These three glasses upon the sideboard have been untouched, I suppose?
Watson: Yes; and the bottle stands as they left it.
###
Holmes: No doubt that is true. And yet they drank some wine, I understand.
Watson: To steady their own nerves.
Holmes: Exactly. These three glasses upon the sideboard have been untouched, I suppose?
Watson: Yes; and the bottle stands as they left it.
Holmes: Let us look at it. Halloa! halloa! what is this?
Holmes: How did they draw it?
Hopkins: Did Lady Brackenstall say that screw was used?
Holmes: Quite so. As a matter of fact that screw was not used. This bottle was opened by a pocket-screw, probably contained in a knife, and not more than an inch and a half long. If you examine the top of the cork you will observe that the screw was driven in three times before the cork was extracted. It has never been transfixed. This long screw would have transfixed it and drawn it with a single pull. When you catch this fellow you will find that he has one of these multiplex knives in his possession.
Hopkins: Excellent!
Holmes: But these glasses do puzzle me, I confess. Lady Brackenstall actually saw the three men drinking, did she not?
###
Hopkins: Excellent!
Hopkins: But these glasses do puzzle me, I confess. Lady Brackenstall actually saw the three men drinking, did she not?
Watson: Yes; she was clear about that.
Hopkins: Then there is an end of it. What more is to be said? And yet you must admit that the three glasses are very remarkable, Hopkins. What, you see nothing remarkable! Well, well, let it pass. Perhaps when a man has special knowledge and special powers like my own it rather encourages him to seek a complex explanation when a simpler one is at hand. Of course, it must be a mere chance about the glasses. Well, good morning, Hopkins. I don't see that I can be of any use to you, and you appear to have your case very clear. You will let me know when Randall is arrested, and any further developments which may occur. I trust that I shall soon have to congratulate you upon a successful conclusion. Come, Watson, I fancy that we may employ ourselves more profitably at home.
Holmes: During our return journey I could see by Holmes's face that he was much puzzled by something which he had observed. Every now and then, by an effort, he would throw off the impression and talk as if the matter were clear, but then his doubts would settle down upon him again, and his knitted brows and abstracted eyes would show that his thoughts had gone back once more to the great dining-room of the Abbey Grange in which this midnight tragedy had been enacted. At last, by a sudden impulse, just as our train was crawling out of a suburban station, he sprang on to the platform and pulled me out after him.
###
Holmes: Excuse me, my dear fellow, I am sorry to make you the victim of what may seem a mere whim, but on my life, Watson, I simply can't leave that case in this condition. Every instinct that I possess cries out against it. It's wrong--it's all wrong--I'll swear that it's wrong. And yet the lady's story was complete, the maid's corroboration was sufficient, the detail was fairly exact. What have I to put against that? Three wine-glasses, that is all. But if I had not taken things for granted, if I had examined everything with care which I would have shown had we approached the case de novo and had no cut-and-dried story to warp my mind, would I not then have found something more definite to go upon? Of course I should. Sit down on this bench, Watson, until a train for Chislehurst arrives, and allow me to lay the evidence before you, imploring you in the first instance to dismiss from your mind the idea that anything which the maid or her mistress may have said must necessarily be true. The lady's charming personality must not be permitted to warp our judgment.
Watson: N/A
###
Holmes: Surely there are details in her story which, if we looked at it in cold blood, would excite our suspicion. These burglars made a considerable haul at Sydenham a fortnight ago. Some account of them and of their appearance was in the papers, and would naturally occur to anyone who wished to invent a story in which imaginary robbers should play a part. As a matter of fact, burglars who have done a good stroke of business are, as a rule, only too glad to enjoy the proceeds in peace and quiet without embarking on another perilous undertaking. Again, it is unusual for burglars to operate at so early an hour; it is unusual for burglars to strike a lady to prevent her screaming, since one would imagine that was the sure way to make her scream; it is unusual for them to commit murder when their numbers are sufficient to overpower one man; it is unusual for them to be content with a limited plunder when there is much more within their reach; and finally I should say that it was very unusual for such men to leave a bottle half empty. How do all these unusuals strike you, Watson?
Watson: Their cumulative effect is certainly considerable, and yet each of them is quite possible in itself. The most unusual thing of all, as it seems to me, is that the lady should be tied to the chair.
Holmes: Well, I am not so clear about that, Watson; for it is evident that they must either kill her or else secure her in such a way that she could not give immediate notice of their escape. But at any rate I have shown, have I not, that there is a certain element of improbability about the lady's story? And now on the top of this comes the incident of the wine-glasses.
Watson: What about the wine glasses?
Holmes: Can you see them in your mind's eye?
Watson: I see them clearly.
Holmes: We are told that three men drank from them. Does that strike you as likely?
Watson: Why not? There was wine in each glass.
Holmes: Exactly; but there was bees-wing only in one glass. You must have noticed that fact. What does that suggest to your mind?
###
Holmes: We are told that three men drank from them. Does that strike you as likely?
Watson: Why not? There was wine in each glass.
Holmes: Exactly; but there was bees-wing only in one glass. You must have noticed that fact. What does that suggest to your mind?
Watson: The last glass filled would be most likely to contain bees-wing.
Holmes: Not at all. The bottle was full of it, and it is inconceivable that the first two glasses were clear and the third heavily charged with it. There are two possible explanations, and only two. One is that after the second glass was filled the bottle was violently agitated, and so the third glass received the bees-wing. That does not appear probable. No, no; I am sure that I am right.
Watson: What, then, do you suppose?
Holmes: That only two glasses were used, and that the dregs of both were poured into a third glass, so as to give the false impression that three people had been here. In that way all the bees-wing would be in the last glass, would it not? Yes, I am convinced that this is so. But if I have hit upon the true explanation of this one small phenomenon, then in an instant the case rises from the commonplace to the exceedingly remarkable, for it can only mean that Lady Brackenstall and her maid have deliberately lied to us, that not one word of their story is to be believed, that they have some very strong reason for covering the real criminal, and that we must construct our case for ourselves without any help from them. That is the mission which now lies before us, and here, Watson, is the Chislehurst train.
###
Holmes: It's all right, Watson. We have got our case--one of the most remarkable in our collection. But, dear me, how slow-witted I have been, and how nearly I have committed the blunder of my lifetime! Now, I think that with a few missing links my chain is almost complete.
Watson: You have got your men?
Holmes: Man, Watson, man. Only one, but a very formidable person. Strong as a lion--witness the blow that bent that poker. Six foot three in height, active as a squirrel, dexterous with his fingers; finally, remarkably quick-witted, for this whole ingenious story is of his concoction. Yes, Watson, we have come upon the handiwork of a very remarkable individual. And yet in that bell-rope he has given us a clue which should not have left us a doubt.
###
Watson: Where was the clue?
Holmes: Well, if you were to pull down a bell-rope, Watson, where would you expect it to break? Surely at the spot where it is attached to the wire. Why should it break three inches from the top as this one has done?
Watson: Because it is frayed there?
Holmes: Exactly. This end, which we can examine, is frayed. He was cunning enough to do that with his knife. But the other end is not frayed. You could not observe that from here, but if you were on the mantelpiece you would see that it is cut clean off without any mark of fraying whatever. You can reconstruct what occurred. The man needed the rope. He would not tear it down for fear of giving the alarm by ringing the bell. What did he do? He sprang up on the mantelpiece, could not quite reach it, put his knee on the bracket--you will see the impression in the dust--and so got his knife to bear upon the cord. I could not reach the place by at least three inches, from which I infer that he is at least three inches a bigger man than I. Look at that mark upon the seat of the oaken chair! What is it?
Watson: Blood.
Holmes: Undoubtedly it is blood. This alone puts the lady's story out of court. If she were seated on the chair when the crime was done, how comes that mark? No, no; she was placed in the chair after the death of her husband. I'll wager that the black dress shows a corresponding mark to this. We have not yet met our Waterloo, Watson, but this is our Marengo, for it begins in defeat and ends in victory. I should like now to have a few words with the nurse Theresa. We must be wary for awhile, if we are to get the information which we want.
Holmes: She was an interesting person, this stern Australian nurse. Taciturn, suspicious, ungracious, it took some time before Holmes's pleasant manner and frank acceptance of all that she said thawed her into a corresponding amiability. She did not attempt to conceal her hatred for her late employer.
###
Maid: Yes, sir, it is true that he threw the decanter at me. I heard him call my mistress a name, and I told him that he would not dare to speak so if her brother had been there. Then it was that he threw it at me. He might have thrown a dozen if he had but left my bonny bird alone. He was forever ill-treating her, and she too proud to complain. She will not even tell me all that he has done to her. She never told me of those marks on her arm that you saw this morning, but I know very well that they come from a stab with a hat-pin. The sly fiend--Heaven forgive me that I should speak of him so, now that he is dead, but a fiend he was if ever one walked the earth. He was all honey when first we met him, only eighteen months ago, and we both feel as if it were eighteen years. She had only just arrived in London. Yes, it was her first voyage--she had never been from home before. He won her with his title and his money and his false London ways. If she made a mistake she has paid for it, if ever a woman did. What month did we meet him? Well, I tell you it was just after we arrived. We arrived in June, and it was July. They were married in January of last year. Yes, she is down in the morning-room again, and I have no doubt she will see you, but you must not ask too much of her, for she has gone through all that flesh and blood will stand.
Lady Brackenstall: I hope that you have not come to cross-examine me again?
Holmes: No, I will not cause you any unnecessary trouble, Lady Brackenstall, and my whole desire is to make things easy for you, for I am convinced that you are a much-tried woman. If you will treat me as a friend and trust me you may find that I will justify your trust.
Lady Brackenstall: What do you want me to do?
Holmes: To tell me the truth.
Lady Brackenstall: Mr. Holmes!
###
Holmes: What do you want me to do?
Lady Brackenstall: To tell me the truth.
Holmes: No, no, Lady Brackenstall, it is no use. You may have heard of any little reputation which I possess. I will stake it all on the fact that your story is an absolute fabrication.
Theresa: You are an impudent fellow! Do you mean to say that my mistress has told a lie?
Holmes: Have you nothing to tell me?
Lady Brackenstall: I have told you everything.
Holmes: Think once more, Lady Brackenstall. Would it not be better to be frank?
Holmes: I am sorry.
Holmes: It may be a hit or it may be a miss, but we are bound to do something for friend Hopkins, just to justify this second visit. I will not quite take him into my confidence yet. I think our next scene of operations must be the shipping office of the Adelaide-Southampton line, which stands at the end of Pall Mall, if I remember right. There is a second line of steamers which connect South Australia with England, but we will draw the larger cover first.
###
Holmes: No, Mr. Holmes had no desire to see him, but would be glad to know more about his record and character.
Manager: His record was magnificent. There was not an officer in the fleet to touch him. As to his character, he was reliable on duty, but a wild, desperate fellow off the deck of his ship, hot-headed, excitable, but loyal, honest, and kind-hearted. That was the pith of the information with which Holmes left the office of the Adelaide-Southampton company.
Holmes: No, I couldn't do it, Watson. Once that warrant was made out nothing on earth would save him. Once or twice in my career I feel that I have done more real harm by my discovery of the criminal than ever he had done by his crime. I have learned caution now, and I had rather play tricks with the law of England than with my own conscience. Let us know a little more before we act.
Hopkins: Things were not going very well with him.
###
Hopkins: I believe that you are a wizard, Mr. Holmes. I really do sometimes think that you have powers that are not human. Now, how on earth could you know that the stolen silver was at the bottom of that pond?
Holmes: I didn't know it.
Hopkins: But you told me to examine it.
Holmes: You got it, then?
Hopkins: Yes, I got it.
Holmes: I am very glad if I have helped you.
Hopkins: But you haven't helped me. You have made the affair far more difficult. What sort of burglars are they who steal silver and then throw it into the nearest pond?
Holmes: It was certainly rather eccentric behaviour. I was merely going on the idea that if the silver had been taken by persons who did not want it, who merely took it for a blind as it were, then they would naturally be anxious to get rid of it.
Hopkins: But why should such an idea cross your mind?
Holmes: Well, I thought it was possible. When they came out through the French window there was the pond, with one tempting little hole in the ice, right in front of their noses. Could there be a better hiding-place?
Hopkins: Ah, a hiding-place--that is better! Yes, yes, I see it all now! It was early, there were folk upon the roads, they were afraid of being seen with the silver, so they sank it in the pond, intending to return for it when the coast was clear. Excellent, Mr. Holmes--that is better than your idea of a blind.
Holmes: Quite so; you have got an admirable theory. I have no doubt that my own ideas were quite wild, but you must admit that they have ended in discovering the silver.
Hopkins: Yes, sir, yes. It was all your doing. But I have had a bad set-back.
Holmes: A set back?
Hopkins: Yes, Mr. Holmes. The Randall gang were arrested in New York this morning.
Holmes: Dear me, Hopkins! That is certainly rather against your theory that they committed a murder in Kent last night.
###
Hopkins: A setback?
Holmes: Yes, Mr. Holmes. The Randall gang were arrested in New York this morning.
Holmes: Dear me, Hopkins! That is certainly rather against your theory that they committed a murder in Kent last night.
Hopkins: It is fatal, Mr. Holmes, absolutely fatal. Still, there are other gangs of three besides the Randalls, or it may be some new gang of which the police have never heard.
Holmes: Quite so; it is perfectly possible. What, are you off?
Hopkins: Yes, Mr. Holmes; there is no rest for me until I have got to the bottom of the business. I suppose you have no hint to give me?
Holmes: I have given you one.
Hopkins: Which?
Holmes: Well, I suggested a blind.
Hopkins: But why, Mr. Holmes, why?
Holmes: Ah, that's the question, of course. But I commend the idea to your mind. You might possibly find that there was something in it. You won't stop for dinner? Well, good-bye, and let us know how you get on.
Holmes: I expect developments, Watson.
Watson: When?
Holmes: Now--within a few minutes. I dare say you thought I acted rather badly to Stanley Hopkins just now?
Watson: I trust your judgment.
Holmes: A very sensible reply, Watson. You must look at it this way: what I know is unofficial; what he knows is official. I have the right to private judgment, but he has none. He must disclose all, or he is a traitor to his service. In a doubtful case I would not put him in so painful a position, and so I reserve my information until my own mind is clear upon the matter.
Watson: But when will that be?
Holmes: The time has come. You will now be present at the last scene of a remarkable little drama.
###
Holmes: But when will that be?
Holmes: The time has come. You will now be present at the last scene of a remarkable little drama.
Holmes: Sit down, Captain Croker. You got my telegram?
Captain Croker: I got your telegram, and I came at the hour you said. I heard that you had been down to the office. There was no getting away from you. Let's hear the worst. What are you going to do with me? Arrest me? Speak out, man! You can't sit there and play with me like a cat with a mouse.
Holmes: Give him a cigar, Bite on that, Captain Croker, and don't let your nerves run away with you. I should not sit here smoking with you if I thought that you were a common criminal, you may be sure of that. Be frank with me, and we may do some good. Play tricks with me, and I'll crush you.
Captain Croker: What do you wish me to do?
Holmes: To give me a true account of all that happened at the Abbey Grange last night--a true account, mind you, with nothing added and nothing taken off. I know so much already that if you go one inch off the straight I'll blow this police whistle from my window and the affair goes out of my hands for ever.
###
Unknown: Well, gentlemen, I was standing with her just inside the window, in all innocence, as Heaven is my judge, when he rushed like a madman into the room, called her the vilest name that a man could use to a woman, and welted her across the face with the stick he had in his hand. I had sprung for the poker, and it was a fair fight between us. See here on my arm where his first blow fell. Then it was my turn, and I went through him as if he had been a rotten pumpkin. Do you think I was sorry? Not I! It was his life or mine, but far more than that it was his life or hers, for how could I leave her in the power of this madman? That was how I killed him. Was I wrong? Well, then, what would either of you gentlemen have done if you had been in my position?
Unknown: She had screamed when he struck her, and that brought old Theresa down from the room above. There was a bottle of wine on the sideboard, and I opened it and poured a little between Mary's lips, for she was half dead with the shock. Then I took a drop myself. Theresa was as cool as ice, and it was her plot as much as mine. We must make it appear that burglars had done the thing. Theresa kept on repeating our story to her mistress, while I swarmed up and cut the rope of the bell. Then I lashed her in her chair, and frayed out the end of the rope to make it look natural, else they would wonder how in the world a burglar could have got up there to cut it. Then I gathered up a few plates and pots of silver, to carry out the idea of a robbery, and there I left them with orders to give the alarm when I had a quarter of an hour's start. I dropped the silver into the pond and made off for Sydenham, feeling that for once in my life I had done a real good night's work. And that's the truth and the whole truth, Mr. Holmes, if it costs me my neck.
Holmes: Holmes smoked for some time in silence. Then he crossed the room and shook our visitor by the hand.
###
Holmes: That's what I think. I know that every word is true, for you have hardly said a word which I did not know. No one but an acrobat or a sailor could have got up to that bell-rope from the bracket, and no one but a sailor could have made the knots with which the cord was fastened to the chair. Only once had this lady been brought into contact with sailors, and that was on her voyage, and it was someone of her own class of life, since she was trying hard to shield him and so showing that she loved him. You see how easy it was for me to lay my hands upon you when once I had started upon the right trail.
Captain Croker: I thought the police never could have seen through our dodge.
Holmes: And the police haven't; nor will they, to the best of my belief. Now, look here, Captain Croker, this is a very serious matter, though I am willing to admit that you acted under the most extreme provocation to which any man could be subjected. I am not sure that in defence of your own life your action will not be pronounced legitimate. However, that is for a British jury to decide. Meanwhile I have so much sympathy for you that if you choose to disappear in the next twenty-four hours I will promise you that no one will hinder you.
Captain Croker: And then it will all come out?
Holmes: Certainly it will come out.
Captain Croker: What sort of proposal is that to make a man? I know enough of law to understand that Mary would be had as accomplice. Do you think I would leave her alone to face the music while I slunk away? No, sir; let them do their worst upon me, but for Heaven's sake, Mr. Holmes, find some way of keeping my poor Mary out of the courts.
Holmes: For a second time held out his hand to the sailor.
###
Holmes: I was only testing you, and you ring true every time. Well, it is a great responsibility that I take upon myself, but I have given Hopkins an excellent hint, and if he can't avail himself of it I can do no more. See here, Captain Croker, we'll do this in due form of law. You are the prisoner. Watson, you are a British jury, and I never met a man who was more eminently fitted to represent one. I am the judge. Now, gentleman of the jury, you have heard the evidence. Do you find the prisoner guilty or not guilty?
Watson: Not guilty, my lord.
Holmes: Vox populi, vox Dei. You are acquitted, Captain Croker. So long as the law does not find some other victim you are safe from me. Come back to this lady in a year, and may her future and yours justify us in the judgment which we have pronounced this night.
###
Narrator: If in telling the story I seem to be somewhat vague in certain details the public will readily understand that there is an excellent reason for my reticence.
Narrator: It was, then, in a year, and even in a decade, that shall be nameless, that upon one Tuesday morning in autumn we found two visitors of European fame within the walls of our humble room in Baker Street. The one, austere, high-nosed, eagle-eyed, and dominant, was none other than the illustrious Lord Bellinger, twice Premier of Britain. The other, dark, clear-cut, and elegant, hardly yet of middle age, and endowed with every beauty of body and of mind, was the Right Honourable Trelawney Hope, Secretary for European Affairs, and the most rising statesman in the country. They sat side by side upon our paper-littered settee, and it was easy to see from their worn and anxious faces that it was business of the most pressing importance which had brought them. The Premier's thin, blue-veined hands were clasped tightly over the ivory head of his umbrella, and his gaunt, ascetic face looked gloomily from Holmes to me. The European Secretary pulled nervously at his moustache and fidgeted with the seals of his watch-chain.
Lord Bellinger: When I discovered my loss, Mr. Holmes, which was at eight o'clock this morning, I at once informed the Prime Minister. It was at his suggestion that we have both come to you.
Holmes: Have you informed the police?
Lord Bellinger: No, sir, We have not done so, nor is it possible that we should do so. To inform the police must, in the long run, mean to inform the public. This is what we particularly desire to avoid.
Holmes: And why, sir?
###
Holmes: And why, sir?
Trelawney Hope: Because the document in question is of such immense importance that its publication might very easily--I might almost say probably--lead to European complications of the utmost moment. It is not too much to say that peace or war may hang upon the issue. Unless its recovery can be attended with the utmost secrecy, then it may as well not be recovered at all, for all that is aimed at by those who have taken it is that its contents should be generally known.
Holmes: I understand. Now, Mr. Trelawney Hope, I should be much obliged if you would tell me exactly the circumstances under which this document disappeared.
Trelawney Hope: That can be done in a very few words, Mr. Holmes. The letter--for it was a letter from a foreign potentate--was received six days ago. It was of such importance that I have never left it in my safe, but I have taken it across each evening to my house in Whitehall Terrace, and kept it in my bedroom in a locked despatch-box. It was there last night. Of that I am certain. I actually opened the box while I was dressing for dinner, and saw the document inside. This morning it was gone. The despatch-box had stood beside the glass upon my dressing-table all night. I am a light sleeper, and so is my wife. We are both prepared to swear that no one could have entered the room during the night. And yet I repeat that the paper is gone.
Holmes: What time did you dine?
Trelawney Hope: Half past seven.
Holmes: How long was it before you went to bed?
Trelawney Hope: My wife had gone to the theatre. I waited up for her. It was half-past eleven before we went to our room.
Holmes: Then for four hours the despatch-box had lain unguarded?
Trelawney Hope: No one is ever permitted to enter that room save the housemaid in the morning, and my valet, or my wife's maid, during the rest of the day. They are both trusty servants who have been with us for some time. Besides, neither of them could possibly have known that there was anything more valuable than the ordinary departmental papers in my despatch-box.
Holmes: Who did know of the existence of that letter?
###
Holmes: Who did know of the existence of that letter?
European Secretary: No one in the house.
Holmes: Surely your wife knew?
European Secretary: No, sir; I had said nothing to my wife until I missed the paper this morning.
Premier: I have long known, sir, how high is your sense of public duty. I am convinced that in the case of a secret of this importance it would rise superior to the most intimate domestic ties.
European Secretary: You do me no more than justice, sir. Until this morning I have never breathed one word to my wife upon this matter.
Holmes: Could she have guessed?
European Secretary: No, Mr. Holmes, she could not have guessed--nor could anyone have guessed.
Holmes: Have you lost any documents before?
European Secretary: No, sir.
Holmes: Who is there in England who did know of the existence of this letter?
European Secretary: Each member of the Cabinet was informed of it yesterday; but the pledge of secrecy which attends every Cabinet meeting was increased by the solemn warning which was given by the Prime Minister. Good heavens, to think that within a few hours I should myself have lost it! Besides the members of the Cabinet there are two, or possibly three, departmental officials who know of the letter. No one else in England, Mr. Holmes, I assure you.
Holmes: But abroad?
European Secretary: I believe that no one abroad has seen it save the man who wrote it. I am well convinced that his Ministers--that the usual official channels have not been employed.
Holmes: Now, sir, I must ask you more particularly what this document is, and why its disappearance should have such momentous consequences?
Premier: The two statesmen exchanged a quick glance and the Premier's shaggy eyebrows gathered in a frown.
###
Watson: Now, sir, I must ask you more particularly what this document is, and why its disappearance should have such momentous consequences?
Premier: Mr. Holmes, the envelope is a long, thin one of pale blue colour. There is a seal of red wax stamped with a crouching lion. It is addressed in large, bold handwriting to--
Holmes: I fear, sir, that, interesting and indeed essential as these details are, my inquiries must go more to the root of things. What was the letter?
Premier: That is a State secret of the utmost importance, and I fear that I cannot tell you, nor do I see that it is necessary. If by the aid of the powers which you are said to possess you can find such an envelope as I describe with its enclosure, you will have deserved well of your country, and earned any reward which it lies in our power to bestow.
Holmes: You are two of the most busy men in the country, and in my own small way I have also a good many calls upon me. I regret exceedingly that I cannot help you in this matter, and any continuation of this interview would be a waste of time.
Premier: I am not accustomed, sir-- I may appeal to your patriotism also, for I could not imagine a greater misfortune for the country than that this affair should come out.
Holmes: Then I will tell you, relying entirely upon your honour and that of your colleague, Dr. Watson. You may safely trust us.
###
Holmes: You may safely trust us.
Premier: The letter, then, is from a certain foreign potentate who has been ruffled by some recent Colonial developments of this country. It has been written hurriedly and upon his own responsibility entirely. Inquiries have shown that his Ministers know nothing of the matter. At the same time it is couched in so unfortunate a manner, and certain phrases in it are of so provocative a character, that its publication would undoubtedly lead to a most dangerous state of feeling in this country. There would be such a ferment, sir, that I do not hesitate to say that within a week of the publication of that letter this country would be involved in a great war.
Holmes: Holmes wrote a name upon a slip of paper and handed it to the Premier.
Premier: Exactly. It was he. And it is this letter--this letter which may well mean the expenditure of a thousand millions and the lives of a hundred thousand men--which has become lost in this unaccountable fashion.
Premier: Have you informed the sender?
Holmes: Yes, sir, a cipher telegram has been despatched.
Premier: Perhaps he desires the publication of the letter.
Holmes: No, sir, we have strong reason to believe that he already understands that he has acted in an indiscreet and hot-headed manner. It would be a greater blow to him and to his country than to us if this letter were to come out.
Holmes: If this is so, whose interest is it that the letter should come out? Why should anyone desire to steal it or to publish it?
Premier: There, Mr. Holmes, you take me into regions of high international politics. But if you consider the European situation you will have no difficulty in perceiving the motive. The whole of Europe is an armed camp. There is a double league which makes a fair balance of military power. Great Britain holds the scales. If Britain were driven into war with one confederacy, it would assure the supremacy of the other confederacy, whether they joined in the war or not. Do you follow?
###
Holmes: Very clearly. It is then the interest of the enemies of this potentate to secure and publish this letter, so as to make a breach between his country and ours?
Watson: Yes, sir.
Holmes: And to whom would this document be sent if it fell into the hands of an enemy?
Watson: To any of the great Chancelleries of Europe. It is probably speeding on its way thither at the present instant as fast as steam can take it.
Trelawney Hope: It is your misfortune, my dear fellow. No one can blame you. There is no precaution which you have neglected. Now, Mr. Holmes, you are in full possession of the facts. What course do you recommend?
Holmes: You think, sir, that unless this document is recovered there will be war?
Trelawney Hope: I think it is very probable.
Holmes: Then, sir, prepare for war.
Trelawney Hope: That is a hard saying, Mr. Holmes.
Holmes: Consider the facts, sir. It is inconceivable that it was taken after eleven-thirty at night, since I understand that Mr. Hope and his wife were both in the room from that hour until the loss was found out. It was taken, then, yesterday evening between seven-thirty and eleven-thirty, probably near the earlier hour, since whoever took it evidently knew that it was there and would naturally secure it as early as possible. Now, sir, if a document of this importance were taken at that hour, where can it be now? No one has any reason to retain it. It has been passed rapidly on to those who need it. What chance have we now to overtake or even to trace it? It is beyond our reach.
Prime Minister: What you say is perfectly logical, Mr. Holmes. I feel that the matter is indeed out of our hands.
Holmes: Let us presume, for argument's sake, that the document was taken by the maid or by the valet--
Prime Minister: They are both old and tried servants.
###
Watson: What you say is perfectly logical, Mr. Holmes. I feel that the matter is indeed out of our hands.
Holmes: Let us presume, for argument's sake, that the document was taken by the maid or by the valet--
Watson: They are both old and tried servants.
Holmes: I understand you to say that your room is on the second floor, that there is no entrance from without, and that from within no one could go up unobserved. It must, then, be somebody in the house who has taken it. To whom would the thief take it? To one of several international spies and secret agents, whose names are tolerably familiar to me. There are three who may be said to be the heads of their profession. I will begin my research by going round and finding if each of them is at his post. If one is missing--especially if he has disappeared since last night--we will have some indication as to where the document has gone.
European Secretary: Why should he be missing? He would take the letter to an Embassy in London, as likely as not.
Holmes: I fancy not. These agents work independently, and their relations with the Embassies are often strained.
Prime Minister: I believe you are right, Mr. Holmes. He would take so valuable a prize to head-quarters with his own hands. I think that your course of action is an excellent one. Meanwhile, Hope, we cannot neglect all our other duties on account of this one misfortune. Should there be any fresh developments during the day we shall communicate with you, and you will no doubt let us know the results of your own inquiries.
Holmes: The two statesmen bowed and walked gravely from the room.
Watson: When our illustrious visitors had departed Holmes lit his pipe in silence, and sat for some time lost in the deepest thought. I had opened the morning paper and was immersed in a sensational crime which had occurred in London the night before, when my friend gave an exclamation, sprang to his feet, and laid his pipe down upon the mantelpiece.
###
Holmes: Yes, there is no better way of approaching it. The situation is desperate, but not hopeless. Even now, if we could be sure which of them has taken it, it is just possible that it has not yet passed out of his hands. After all, it is a question of money with these fellows, and I have the British Treasury behind me. If it's on the market I'll buy it--if it means another penny on the income-tax. It is conceivable that the fellow might hold it back to see what bids come from this side before he tries his luck on the other. There are only those three capable of playing so bold a game; there are Oberstein, La Rothiere, and Eduardo Lucas. I will see each of them.
Watson: Is that Eduardo Lucas of Godolphin Street?
Holmes: Yes.
Watson: You will not see him.
Holmes: Why not?
Watson: He was murdered in his house last night.
###
Holmes: Well, Watson, what do you make of this?
Watson: It is an amazing coincidence.
Holmes: A coincidence! Here is one of the three men whom we had named as possible actors in this drama, and he meets a violent death during the very hours when we know that that drama was being enacted. The odds are enormous against its being coincidence. No figures could express them. No, my dear Watson, the two events are connected--must be connected. It is for us to find the connection.
Watson: But now the official police must know all.
Holmes: Not at all. They know all they see at Godolphin Street. They know--and shall know--nothing of Whitehall Terrace. Only we know of both events, and can trace the relation between them. There is one obvious point which would, in any case, have turned my suspicions against Lucas. Godolphin Street, Westminster, is only a few minutes' walk from Whitehall Terrace. The other secret agents whom I have named live in the extreme West-end. It was easier, therefore, for Lucas than for the others to establish a connection or receive a message from the European Secretary's household--a small thing, and yet where events are compressed into a few hours it may prove essential. Halloa! what have we here?
Holmes: Ask Lady Hilda Trelawney Hope if she will be kind enough to step up.
###
Holmes: Ask Lady Hilda Trelawney Hope if she will be kind enough to step up.
Lady Hilda Trelawney Hope: Has my husband been here, Mr. Holmes?
Holmes: Yes, madam, he has been here.
Lady Hilda Trelawney Hope: Mr. Holmes, I implore you not to tell him that I came here.
Holmes: Your ladyship places me in a very delicate position. I beg that you will sit down and tell me what you desire; but I fear that I cannot make any unconditional promise.
###
Unknown: Mr. Holmes, I will speak frankly to you in the hope that it may induce you to speak frankly in return. There is complete confidence between my husband and me on all matters save one. That one is politics. On this his lips are sealed. He tells me nothing. Now, I am aware that there was a most deplorable occurrence in our house last night. I know that a paper has disappeared. But because the matter is political my husband refuses to take me into his complete confidence. Now it is essential--essential, I say--that I should thoroughly understand it. You are the only other person, save only these politicians, who knows the true facts. I beg you, then, Mr. Holmes, to tell me exactly what has happened and what it will lead to. Tell me all, Mr. Holmes. Let no regard for your client's interests keep you silent, for I assure you that his interests, if he would only see it, would be best served by taking me into his complete confidence. What was this paper which was stolen?
Holmes: Madam, what you ask me is really impossible.
Unknown: You must see that this is so, madam. If your husband thinks fit to keep you in the dark over this matter, is it for me, who has only learned the true facts under the pledge of professional secrecy, to tell what he has withheld? It is not fair to ask it. It is him whom you must ask.
Unknown: I have asked him. I come to you as a last resource. But without your telling me anything definite, Mr. Holmes, you may do a great service if you would enlighten me on one point.
Holmes: What is it, madam?
Unknown: Is my husband's political career likely to suffer through this incident?
Holmes: Well, madam, unless it is set right it may certainly have a very unfortunate effect.
Unknown: Ah! She drew in her breath sharply as one whose doubts are resolved.
###
Holmes: What is it, madam?
Lady: Is my husband's political career likely to suffer through this incident?
Holmes: Well, madam, unless it is set right it may certainly have a very unfortunate effect.
Lady: Ah! She drew in her breath sharply as one whose doubts are resolved.
Lady: One more question, Mr. Holmes. From an expression which my husband dropped in the first shock of this disaster I understood that terrible public consequences might arise from the loss of this document.
Holmes: If he said so, I certainly cannot deny it.
Lady: Of what nature are they?
Holmes: Nay, madam, there again you ask me more than I can possibly answer.
Lady: Then I will take up no more of your time. I cannot blame you, Mr. Holmes, for having refused to speak more freely, and you on your side will not, I am sure, think the worse of me because I desire, even against his will, to share my husband's anxieties. Once more I beg that you will say nothing of my visit.
Holmes: Now, Watson, the fair sex is your department. What was the fair lady's game? What did she really want?
Watson: Surely her own statement is clear and her anxiety very natural.
Holmes: Hum! Think of her appearance, Watson--her manner, her suppressed excitement, her restlessness, her tenacity in asking questions. Remember that she comes of a caste who do not lightly show emotion.
Watson: She was certainly much moved.
Holmes: Remember also the curious earnestness with which she assured us that it was best for her husband that she should know all. What did she mean by that? And you must have observed, Watson, how she manoeuvred to have the light at her back. She did not wish us to read her expression.
Watson: Yes; she chose the one chair in the room.
###
Holmes: Yes; she chose the one chair in the room.
Watson: And yet the motives of women are so inscrutable. You remember the woman at Margate whom I suspected for the same reason. No powder on her nose--that proved to be the correct solution. How can you build on such a quicksand? Their most trivial action may mean volumes, or their most extraordinary conduct may depend upon a hairpin or a curling-tongs. Good morning, Watson.
Holmes: You are off?
Watson: Yes; I will wile away the morning at Godolphin Street with our friends of the regular establishment. With Eduardo Lucas lies the solution of our problem, though I must admit that I have not an inkling as to what form it may take. It is a capital mistake to theorize in advance of the facts. Do you stay on guard, my good Watson, and receive any fresh visitors. I'll join you at lunch if I am able.
###
Watson: What do you think of that, Holmes?
Holmes: My dear Watson, you are most long-suffering, but if I have told you nothing in the last three days it is because there is nothing to tell. Even now this report from Paris does not help us much.
Watson: Surely it is final as regards the man's death.
###
Holmes: Surely it is final as regards the man's death.
Holmes: The man's death is a mere incident--a trivial episode--in comparison with our real task, which is to trace this document and save a European catastrophe. Only one important thing has happened in the last three days, and that is that nothing has happened. I get reports almost hourly from the Government, and it is certain that nowhere in Europe is there any sign of trouble. Now, if this letter were loose--no, it can't be loose--but if it isn't loose, where can it be? Who has it? Why is it held back? That's the question that beats in my brain like a hammer. Was it, indeed, a coincidence that Lucas should meet his death on the night when the letter disappeared? Did the letter ever reach him? If so, why is it not among his papers? Did this mad wife of his carry it off with her? If so, is it in her house in Paris? How could I search for it without the French police having their suspicions aroused? It is a case, my dear Watson, where the law is as dangerous to us as the criminals are. Every man's hand is against us, and yet the interests at stake are colossal. Should I bring it to a successful conclusion it will certainly represent the crowning glory of my career. Ah, here is my latest from the front! Halloa! Lestrade seems to have observed something of interest. Put on your hat, Watson, and we will stroll down together to Westminster.
###
Watson: Seen the Paris news?
Lestrade: Our French friends seem to have touched the spot this time. No doubt it's just as they say. She knocked at the door--surprise visit, I guess, for he kept his life in water-tight compartments. He let her in--couldn't keep her in the street. She told him how she had traced him, reproached him, one thing led to another, and then with that dagger so handy the end soon came. It wasn't all done in an instant, though, for these chairs were all swept over yonder, and he had one in his hand as if he had tried to hold her off with it. We've got it all clear as if we had seen it.
Holmes: And yet you have sent for me?
Lestrade: Ah, yes, that's another matter--a mere trifle, but the sort of thing you take an interest in--queer, you know, and what you might call freakish. It has nothing to do with the main fact--can't have, on the face of it.
Holmes: What is it, then?
###
Holmes: Ah, yes, that's another matter--a mere trifle, but the sort of thing you take an interest in--queer, you know, and what you might call freakish. It has nothing to do with the main fact--can't have, on the face of it.
Watson: What is it, then?
Holmes: Well, you know, after a crime of this sort we are very careful to keep things in their position. Nothing has been moved. Officer in charge here day and night. This morning, as the man was buried and the investigation over--so far as this room is concerned--we thought we could tidy up a bit. This carpet. You see, it is not fastened down; only just laid there. We had occasion to raise it. We found--
Watson: Yes? You found-
Holmes: Well, I'm sure you would never guess in a hundred years what we did find. You see that stain on the carpet? Well, a great deal must have soaked through, must it not?
Watson: Undoubtedly it must.
Holmes: Well, you will be surprised to hear that there is no stain on the white woodwork to correspond.
Watson: No stain! But there must--
Holmes: Yes; so you would say. But the fact remains that there isn't.
Holmes: But the underside is as stained as the upper. It must have left a mark.
Lestrade: Now I'll show you the explanation. There is a second stain, but it does not correspond with the other. See for yourself. What do you make of that, Mr. Holmes?
Holmes: Why, it is simple enough. The two stains did correspond, but the carpet has been turned round. As it was square and unfastened it was easily done.
###
Holmes: Why, it is simple enough. The two stains did correspond, but the carpet has been turned round. As it was square and unfastened it was easily done.
Lestrade: The official police don't need you, Mr. Holmes, to tell them that the carpet must have been turned round. That's clear enough, for the stains lie above each other--if you lay it over this way. But what I want to know is, who shifted the carpet, and why?
Holmes: Look here, Lestrade, has that constable in the passage been in charge of the place all the time?
Lestrade: Yes, he has.
Holmes: Well, take my advice. Examine him carefully. Don't do it before us. We'll wait here. You take him into the back room. You'll be more likely to get a confession out of him alone. Ask him how he dared to admit people and leave them alone in this room. Don't ask him if he has done it. Take it for granted. Tell him you know someone has been here. Press him. Tell him that a full confession is his only chance of forgiveness. Do exactly what I tell you!
Lestrade: By George, if he knows I'll have it out of him!
Holmes: Now, Watson, now!
Holmes: All the demoniacal force of the man masked behind that listless manner burst out in a paroxysm of energy. He tore the drugget from the floor, and in an instant was down on his hands and knees clawing at each of the squares of wood beneath it. One turned sideways as he dug his nails into the edge of it. It hinged back like the lid of a box. A small black cavity opened beneath it. Holmes plunged his eager hand into it, and drew it out with a bitter snarl of anger and disappointment. It was empty.
###
Holmes: Quick, Watson, quick! Get it back again!
Holmes: Sorry to keep you waiting, Mr. Holmes. I can see that you are bored to death with the whole affair. Well, he has confessed, all right. Come in here, MacPherson. Let these gentlemen hear of your most inexcusable conduct.
MacPherson: I meant no harm, sir, I'm sure. The young woman came to the door last evening--mistook the house, she did. And then we got talking. It's lonesome, when you're on duty here all day.
Holmes: Well, what happened then?
MacPherson: She wanted to see where the crime was done--had read about it in the papers, she said. She was a very respectable, well-spoken young woman, sir, and I saw no harm in letting her have a peep. When she saw that mark on the carpet, down she dropped on the floor, and lay as if she were dead. I ran to the back and got some water, but I could not bring her to. Then I went round the corner to the Ivy Plant for some brandy, and by the time I had brought it back the young woman had recovered and was off--ashamed of herself, I dare say, and dared not face me.
Holmes: How about moving that drugget?
MacPherson: Well, sir, it was a bit rumpled, certainly, when I came back. You see, she fell on it, and it lies on a polished floor with nothing to keep it in place. I straightened it out afterwards.
###
Watson: How about moving that drugget?
Constable MacPherson: Well, sir, it was a bit rumpled, certainly, when I came back. You see, she fell on it, and it lies on a polished floor with nothing to keep it in place. I straightened it out afterwards.
Lestrade: It's a lesson to you that you can't deceive me, Constable MacPherson. No doubt you thought that your breach of duty could never be discovered, and yet a mere glance at that drugget was enough to convince me that someone had been admitted to the room. It's lucky for you, my man, that nothing is missing, or you would find yourself in Queer Street. I'm sorry to have called you down over such a petty business, Mr. Holmes, but I thought the point of the second stain not corresponding with the first would interest you.
Holmes: Certainly, it was most interesting. Has this woman only been here once, constable?
Constable MacPherson: Yes, sir, only once.
Holmes: Who was she?
Constable MacPherson: Don't know the name, sir. Was answering an advertisement about type-writing, and came to the wrong number--very pleasant, genteel young woman, sir.
Holmes: Tall? Handsome?
Constable MacPherson: Yes, sir; she was a well-grown young woman. I suppose you might say she was handsome. Perhaps some would say she was very handsome. 'Oh, officer, do let me have a peep!' says she. She had pretty, coaxing ways, as you might say, and I thought there was no harm in letting her just put her head through the door.
Holmes: How was she dressed?
Constable MacPherson: Quiet, sir--a long mantle down to her feet.
Holmes: What time was it?
Constable MacPherson: It was just growing dusk at the time. They were lighting the lamps as I came back with the brandy.
Holmes: Very good. Come, Watson, I think that we have more important work elsewhere.
###
Holmes: Good Lord, sir! he cried, with amazement on his face.
Holmes: Excellent! said he. Come, friend Watson, the curtain rings up for the last act. You will be relieved to hear that there will be no war, that the Right Honourable Trelawney Hope will suffer no set-back in his brilliant career, that the indiscreet Sovereign will receive no punishment for his indiscretion, that the Prime Minister will have no European complication to deal with, and that with a little tact and management upon our part nobody will be a penny the worse for what might have been a very ugly incident.
Watson: You have solved it! I cried.
Holmes: Hardly that, Watson. There are some points which are as dark as ever. But we have so much that it will be our own fault if we cannot get the rest. We will go straight to Whitehall Terrace and bring the matter to a head.
Holmes: Mr. Holmes! said the lady, and her face was pink with her indignation, this is surely most unfair and ungenerous upon your part. I desired, as I have explained, to keep my visit to you a secret, lest my husband should think that I was intruding into his affairs. And yet you compromise me by coming here and so showing that there are business relations between us. Unfortunately, madam, I had no possible alternative. I have been commissioned to recover this immensely important paper. I must therefore ask you, madam, to be kind enough to place it in my hands.
###
Holmes: Unfortunately, madam, I had no possible alternative. I have been commissioned to recover this immensely important paper. I must therefore ask you, madam, to be kind enough to place it in my hands.
Lady Hilda: You insult me, Mr. Holmes.
Holmes: Come, come, madam, it is useless. Give up the letter.
Lady Hilda: The butler shall show you out.
Holmes: Do not ring, Lady Hilda. If you do, then all my earnest efforts to avoid a scandal will be frustrated. Give up the letter and all will be set right. If you will work with me I can arrange everything. If you work against me I must expose you.
Lady Hilda: You are trying to frighten me. It is not a very manly thing, Mr. Holmes, to come here and browbeat a woman. You say that you know something. What is it that you know?
Holmes: Pray sit down, madam. You will hurt yourself there if you fall. I will not speak until you sit down. Thank you.
Lady Hilda: I give you five minutes, Mr. Holmes.
Holmes: One is enough, Lady Hilda. I know of your visit to Eduardo Lucas, of your giving him this document, of your ingenious return to the room last night, and of the manner in which you took the letter from the hiding-place under the carpet.
Lady Hilda: You are mad, Mr. Holmes--you are mad!
Holmes: I have carried this because I thought it might be useful. The policeman has recognised it.
Lady Hilda: *gasps*
###
Holmes: I have carried this because I thought it might be useful. The policeman has recognised it.
Lady Hilda: *Gasp* Come, Lady Hilda. You have the letter. The matter may still be adjusted. I have no desire to bring trouble to you. My duty ends when I have returned the lost letter to your husband. Take my advice and be frank with me; it is your only chance.
Lady Hilda: I tell you again, Mr. Holmes, that you are under some absurd illusion.
Holmes: I am sorry for you, Lady Hilda. I have done my best for you; I can see that it is all in vain.
Holmes: Is Mr. Trelawney Hope at home?
Butler: He will be home, sir, at a quarter to one.
Holmes: Still a quarter of an hour. Very good, I shall wait.
Lady Hilda: Oh, spare me, Mr. Holmes! Spare me! For Heaven's sake, don't tell him! I love him so! I would not bring one shadow on his life, and this I know would break his noble heart.
Holmes: I am thankful, madam, that you have come to your senses even at this last moment! There is not an instant to lose. Where is the letter?
Lady Hilda: Here it is, Mr. Holmes. Would to Heaven I had never seen it!
Holmes: How can we return it? Quick, quick, we must think of some way! Where is the despatch-box?
Lady Hilda: Still in his bedroom.
Holmes: What a stroke of luck! Quick, madam, bring it here!
Lady Hilda: How did you open it before? You have a duplicate key? Yes, of course you have. Open it!
###
Holmes: Still in his bedroom. What a stroke of luck! Quick, madam, bring it here!
Lady Hilda: How did you open it before? You have a duplicate key? Yes, of course you have. Open it!
Holmes: Now we are ready for him, we have still ten minutes. I am going far to screen you, Lady Hilda. In return you will spend the time in telling me frankly the real meaning of this extraordinary affair.
Lady Hilda: Mr. Holmes, I will tell you everything. Oh, Mr. Holmes, I would cut off my right hand before I gave him a moment of sorrow! There is no woman in all London who loves her husband as I do, and yet if he knew how I have acted--how I have been compelled to act--he would never forgive me. For his own honour stands so high that he could not forget or pardon a lapse in another. Help me, Mr. Holmes! My happiness, his happiness, our very lives are at stake!
Holmes: Quick, madam, the time grows short!
Lady Hilda: It was a letter of mine, Mr. Holmes, an indiscreet letter written before my marriage--a foolish letter, a letter of an impulsive, loving girl. I meant no harm, and yet he would have thought it criminal. Had he read that letter his confidence would have been for ever destroyed. It is years since I wrote it. I had thought that the whole matter was forgotten. Then at last I heard from this man, Lucas, that it had passed into his hands, and that he would lay it before my husband. I implored his mercy. He said that he would return my letter if I would bring him a certain document which he described in my husband's despatch-box. He had some spy in the office who had told him of its existence. He assured me that no harm could come to my husband. Put yourself in my position, Mr. Holmes! What was I to do?
###
Lady: Take your husband into your confidence.
Lady: I could not, Mr. Holmes, I could not! On the one side seemed certain ruin; on the other, terrible as it seemed to take my husband's paper, still in a matter of politics I could not understand the consequences, while in a matter of love and trust they were only too clear to me. I did it, Mr. Holmes! I took an impression of his key; this man Lucas furnished a duplicate. I opened his despatch-box, took the paper, and conveyed it to Godolphin Street.
Holmes: What happened there, madam?
Lady: I tapped at the door as agreed. Lucas opened it. I followed him into his room, leaving the hall door ajar behind me, for I feared to be alone with the man. I remember that there was a woman outside as I entered. Our business was soon done. He had my letter on his desk; I handed him the document. He gave me the letter. At this instant there was a sound at the door. There were steps in the passage. Lucas quickly turned back the drugget, thrust the document into some hiding-place there, and covered it over.
Lady: What happened after that is like some fearful dream. I have a vision of a dark, frantic face, of a woman's voice, which screamed in French, 'My waiting is not in vain. At last, at last I have found you with her!' There was a savage struggle. I saw him with a chair in his hand, a knife gleamed in hers. I rushed from the horrible scene, ran from the house, and only next morning in the paper did I learn the dreadful result. That night I was happy, for I had my letter, and I had not seen yet what the future would bring.
###
Narrator: It was the next morning that I realized that I had only exchanged one trouble for another. My husband's anguish at the loss of his paper went to my heart. I could hardly prevent myself from there and then kneeling down at his feet and telling him what I had done. But that again would mean a confession of the past. I came to you that morning in order to understand the full enormity of my offence. From the instant that I grasped it my whole mind was turned to the one thought of getting back my husband's paper. It must still be where Lucas had placed it, for it was concealed before this dreadful woman entered the room. If it had not been for her coming, I should not have known where his hiding-place was. How was I to get into the room? For two days I watched the place, but the door was never left open. Last night I made a last attempt. What I did and how I succeeded, you have already learned. I brought the paper back with me, and thought of destroying it since I could see no way of returning it, without confessing my guilt to my husband. Heavens, I hear his step upon the stair!
European Secretary: Any news, Mr. Holmes, any news?
Holmes: I have some hopes.
European Secretary: Ah, thank heaven! The Prime Minister is lunching with me. May he share your hopes? He has nerves of steel, and yet I know that he has hardly slept since this terrible event. Jacobs, will you ask the Prime Minister to come up? As to you, dear, I fear that this is a matter of politics. We will join you in a few minutes in the dining-room.
Prime Minister: I understand that you have something to report, Mr. Holmes?
Holmes: Purely negative as yet, I have inquired at every point where it might be, and I am sure that there is no danger to be apprehended.
###
Watson: I understand that you have something to report, Mr. Holmes?
Holmes: Purely negative as yet, I have inquired at every point where it might be, and I am sure that there is no danger to be apprehended.
Watson: But that is not enough, Mr. Holmes. We cannot live forever on such a volcano. We must have something definite.
Holmes: I am in hopes of getting it. That is why I am here. The more I think of the matter the more convinced I am that the letter has never left this house.
Watson: If it had it would certainly have been public by now.
Holmes: But why should anyone take it in order to keep it in his house?
Watson: I am not convinced that anyone did take it.
Holmes: Then how could it leave the despatch-box?
Watson: I am not convinced that it ever did leave the despatch-box.
Holmes: Mr. Holmes, this joking is very ill-timed. You have my assurance that it left the box.
Watson: Have you examined the box since Tuesday morning?
Holmes: No, it was not necessary.
Watson: You may conceivably have overlooked it.
Holmes: Impossible, I say.
Watson: But I am not convinced of it; I have known such things to happen. I presume there are other papers there. Well, it may have got mixed with them.
Holmes: It was on the top.
Watson: Someone may have shaken the box and displaced it.
Holmes: No, no; I had everything out.
Premier: Surely it is easily decided, Hope. Let us have the despatch-box brought in.
Secretary: Jacobs, bring down my despatch-box. This is a farcical waste of time, but still, if nothing else will satisfy you, it shall be done. Thank you, Jacobs; put it here. I have always had the key on my watch-chain. Here are the papers, you see. Letter from Lord Merrow, report from Sir Charles Hardy, memorandum from Belgrade, note on the Russo-German grain taxes, letter from Madrid, note from Lord Flowers--good heavens! what is this? Lord Bellinger! Lord Bellinger!
Premier: Yes, it is it--and the letter is intact. Hope, I congratulate you.
###
Premier: Yes, it is it--and the letter is intact. Hope, I congratulate you.
Hope: Thank you! Thank you! What a weight from my heart. But this is inconceivable--impossible. Mr. Holmes, you are a wizard, a sorcerer! How did you know it was there?
Holmes: Because I knew it was nowhere else.
Hope: I cannot believe my eyes! Where is my wife? I must tell her that all is well. Hilda! Hilda!
Premier: Come, sir, There is more in this than meets the eye. How came the letter back in the box?
Holmes: We also have our diplomatic secrets.
Premier: THE HOUND OF THE BASKERVILLES Table of contents Mr. Sherlock Holmes The Curse of the Baskervilles The Problem Sir Henry Baskerville Three Broken Threads Baskerville Hall The Stapletons of Merripit House First Report of Dr. Watson Second Report of Dr. Watson Extract from the Diary of Dr. Watson The Man on the Tor Death on the Moor Fixing the Nets The Hound of the Baskervilles A Retrospection CHAPTER I Mr. Sherlock Holmes Mr. Sherlock Holmes, who was usually very late in the mornings, save upon those not infrequent occasions when he was up all night, was seated at the breakfast table. I stood upon the hearth-rug and picked up the stick which our visitor had left behind him the night before. It was a fine, thick piece of wood, bulbous-headed, of the sort which is known as a "Penang lawyer." Just under the head was a broad silver band nearly an inch across. "To James Mortimer, M.R.C.S., from his friends of the C.C.H.," was engraved upon it, with the date "1884." It was just such a stick as the old-fashioned family practitioner used to carry--dignified, solid, and reassuring. Well, Watson, what do you make of it? Holmes was sitting with his back to me, and I had given him no sign of my occupation.
###
Holmes: Well, Watson, what do you make of it?
Watson: How did you know what I was doing? I believe you have eyes in the back of your head.
Holmes: I have, at least, a well-polished, silver-plated coffee-pot in front of me. But, tell me, Watson, what do you make of our visitor's stick? Since we have been so unfortunate as to miss him and have no notion of his errand, this accidental souvenir becomes of importance. Let me hear you reconstruct the man by an examination of it.
Watson: I think that Dr. Mortimer is a successful, elderly medical man, well-esteemed since those who know him give him this mark of their appreciation.
Holmes: Good! Excellent!
Watson: I think also that the probability is in favour of his being a country practitioner who does a great deal of his visiting on foot.
Holmes: Perfectly sound!
Watson: And then again, there is the 'friends of the C.C.H.' I should guess that to be the Something Hunt, the local hunt to whose members he has possibly given some surgical assistance, and which has made him a small presentation in return.
Holmes: Really, Watson, you excel yourself. I am bound to say that in all the accounts which you have been so good as to give of my own small achievements you have habitually underrated your own abilities. It may be that you are not yourself luminous, but you are a conductor of light. Some people without possessing genius have a remarkable power of stimulating it. I confess, my dear fellow, that I am very much in your debt.
###
Watson: He had never said as much before, and I must admit that his words gave me keen pleasure, for I had often been piqued by his indifference to my admiration and to the attempts which I had made to give publicity to his methods. I was proud, too, to think that I had so far mastered his system as to apply it in a way which earned his approval. He now took the stick from my hands and examined it for a few minutes with his naked eyes. Then with an expression of interest he laid down his cigarette, and carrying the cane to the window, he looked over it again with a convex lens.
Holmes: Interesting, though elementary. There are certainly one or two indications upon the stick. It gives us the basis for several deductions.
Watson: Has anything escaped me? I asked with some self-importance. I trust that there is nothing of consequence which I have overlooked?
Holmes: I am afraid, my dear Watson, that most of your conclusions were erroneous. When I said that you stimulated me I meant, to be frank, that in noting your fallacies I was occasionally guided towards the truth. Not that you are entirely wrong in this instance. The man is certainly a country practitioner. And he walks a good deal.
Watson: Then I was right.
Holmes: To that extent. But that was all.
Watson: No, no, my dear Watson, not all--by no means all. I would suggest, for example, that a presentation to a doctor is more likely to come from a hospital than from a hunt, and that when the initials 'C.C.' are placed before that hospital the words 'Charing Cross' very naturally suggest themselves.
Watson: You may be right.
Holmes: The probability lies in that direction. And if we take this as a working hypothesis we have a fresh basis from which to start our construction of this unknown visitor.
Watson: Well, then, supposing that 'C.C.H.' does stand for 'Charing Cross Hospital,' what further inferences may we draw?
Holmes: Do none suggest themselves? You know my methods. Apply them!
###
Holmes: Well, then, supposing that 'C.C.H.' does stand for 'Charing Cross Hospital,' what further inferences may we draw?
Watson: Do none suggest themselves? You know my methods. Apply them!
Holmes: I can only think of the obvious conclusion that the man has practised in town before going to the country.
Watson: I think that we might venture a little farther than this. Look at it in this light. On what occasion would it be most probable that such a presentation would be made? When would his friends unite to give him a pledge of their good will? Obviously at the moment when Dr. Mortimer withdrew from the service of the hospital in order to start in practice for himself. We know there has been a presentation. We believe there has been a change from a town hospital to a country practice. Is it, then, stretching our inference too far to say that the presentation was on the occasion of the change?
Holmes: It certainly seems probable.
Watson: Now, you will observe that he could not have been on the staff of the hospital, since only a man well-established in a London practice could hold such a position, and such a one would not drift into the country. What was he, then? If he was in the hospital and yet not on the staff he could only have been a house-surgeon or a house-physician--little more than a senior student. And he left five years ago--the date is on the stick. So your grave, middle-aged family practitioner vanishes into thin air, my dear Watson, and there emerges a young fellow under thirty, amiable, unambitious, absent-minded, and the possessor of a favourite dog, which I should describe roughly as being larger than a terrier and smaller than a mastiff.
Holmes: I laughed incredulously as Sherlock Holmes leaned back in his settee and blew little wavering rings of smoke up to the ceiling.
###
Watson: As to the latter part, I have no means of checking you, but at least it is not difficult to find out a few particulars about the man's age and professional career.
Watson: Mortimer, James, M.R.C.S., 1882, Grimpen, Dartmoor, Devon. House-surgeon, from 1882 to 1884, at Charing Cross Hospital. Winner of the Jackson prize for Comparative Pathology, with essay entitled 'Is Disease a Reversion?' Corresponding member of the Swedish Pathological Society. Author of 'Some Freaks of Atavism' (Lancet 1882). 'Do We Progress?' (Journal of Psychology, March, 1883). Medical Officer for the parishes of Grimpen, Thorsley, and High Barrow.
Holmes: No mention of that local hunt, Watson, but a country doctor, as you very astutely observed. I think that I am fairly justified in my inferences. As to the adjectives, I said, if I remember right, amiable, unambitious, and absent-minded. It is my experience that it is only an amiable man in this world who receives testimonials, only an unambitious one who abandons a London career for the country, and only an absent-minded one who leaves his stick and not his visiting-card after waiting an hour in your room.
Watson: And the dog?
Holmes: Has been in the habit of carrying this stick behind his master. Being a heavy stick the dog has held it tightly by the middle, and the marks of his teeth are very plainly visible. The dog's jaw, as shown in the space between these marks, is too broad in my opinion for a terrier and not broad enough for a mastiff. It may have been--yes, by Jove, it is a curly-haired spaniel.
###
Holmes: My dear fellow, how can you possibly be so sure of that?
Watson: For the very simple reason that I see the dog himself on our very door-step, and there is the ring of its owner. Don't move, I beg you, Watson. He is a professional brother of yours, and your presence may be of assistance to me. Now is the dramatic moment of fate, Watson, when you hear a step upon the stair which is walking into your life, and you know not whether for good or ill. What does Dr. James Mortimer, the man of science, ask of Sherlock Holmes, the specialist in crime? Come in!
Watson: The appearance of our visitor was a surprise to me, since I had expected a typical country practitioner. He was a very tall, thin man, with a long nose like a beak, which jutted out between two keen, gray eyes, set closely together and sparkling brightly from behind a pair of gold-rimmed glasses. He was clad in a professional but rather slovenly fashion, for his frock-coat was dingy and his trousers frayed. Though young, his long back was already bowed, and he walked with a forward thrust of his head and a general air of peering benevolence. As he entered his eyes fell upon the stick in Holmes's hand, and he ran towards it with an exclamation of joy. "I am so very glad," said he. "I was not sure whether I had left it here or in the Shipping Office. I would not lose that stick for the world."
Holmes: A presentation, I see.
Dr. Mortimer: Yes, sir.
Holmes: From Charing Cross Hospital?
Dr. Mortimer: From one or two friends there on the occasion of my marriage.
Holmes: Dear, dear, that's bad!
Dr. Mortimer: Why was it bad?
Holmes: Only that you have disarranged our little deductions. Your marriage, you say?
Dr. Mortimer: Yes, sir. I married, and so left the hospital, and with it all hopes of a consulting practice. It was necessary to make a home of my own.
###
Watson: Why was it bad?
Holmes: Only that you have disarranged our little deductions. Your marriage, you say?
Watson: Yes, sir. I married, and so left the hospital, and with it all hopes of a consulting practice. It was necessary to make a home of my own.
Holmes: Come, come, we are not so far wrong, after all. And now, Dr. James Mortimer--
Mortimer: Mr., sir, Mister- a humble M.R.C.S.
Holmes: And a man of precise mind, evidently.
Mortimer: A dabbler in science, Mr. Holmes, a picker up of shells on the shores of the great unknown ocean. I presume that it is Mr. Sherlock Holmes whom I am addressing and not--
Holmes: No, this is my friend Dr. Watson.
Mortimer: Glad to meet you, sir. I have heard your name mentioned in connection with that of your friend. You interest me very much, Mr. Holmes. I had hardly expected so dolichocephalic a skull or such well-marked supra-orbital development. Would you have any objection to my running my finger along your parietal fissure? A cast of your skull, sir, until the original is available, would be an ornament to any anthropological museum. It is not my intention to be fulsome, but I confess that I covet your skull.
Holmes: You are an enthusiast in your line of thought, I perceive, sir, as I am in mine. I observe from your forefinger that you make your own cigarettes. Have no hesitation in lighting one.
Holmes: I presume, sir, that it was not merely for the purpose of examining my skull that you have done me the honour to call here last night and again today?
###
Dr. Mortimer: I presume, sir, that it was not merely for the purpose of examining my skull that you have done me the honour to call here last night and again today?
Holmes: No, sir, no; though I am happy to have had the opportunity of doing that as well. I came to you, Mr. Holmes, because I recognized that I am myself an unpractical man and because I am suddenly confronted with a most serious and extraordinary problem. Recognizing, as I do, that you are the second highest expert in Europe--
Holmes: Indeed, sir! May I inquire who has the honour to be the first?
Dr. Mortimer: To the man of precisely scientific mind the work of Monsieur Bertillon must always appeal strongly.
Holmes: Then had you not better consult him?
Dr. Mortimer: I said, sir, to the precisely scientific mind. But as a practical man of affairs it is acknowledged that you stand alone. I trust, sir, that I have not inadvertently--
Holmes: Just a little. I think, Dr. Mortimer, you would do wisely if without more ado you would kindly tell me plainly what the exact nature of the problem is in which you demand my assistance.
Dr. Mortimer: I have in my pocket a manuscript.
Holmes: I observed it as you entered the room.
Dr. Mortimer: It is an old manuscript.
Holmes: Early eighteenth century, unless it is a forgery.
Dr. Mortimer: How can you say that, sir?
Holmes: You have presented an inch or two of it to my examination all the time that you have been talking. It would be a poor expert who could not give the date of a document within a decade or so. You may possibly have read my little monograph upon the subject. I put that at 1730.
###
Dr. Mortimer: The exact date is 1742. This family paper was committed to my care by Sir Charles Baskerville, whose sudden and tragic death some three months ago created so much excitement in Devonshire. I may say that I was his personal friend as well as his medical attendant. He was a strong-minded man, sir, shrewd, practical, and as unimaginative as I am myself. Yet he took this document very seriously, and his mind was prepared for just such an end as did eventually overtake him.
Holmes: You will observe, Watson, the alternative use of the long s and the short. It is one of several indications which enabled me to fix the date.
Holmes: It appears to be a statement of some sort.
Dr. Mortimer: Yes, it is a statement of a certain legend which runs in the Baskerville family.
Holmes: But I understand that it is something more modern and practical upon which you wish to consult me?
Dr. Mortimer: Most modern. A most practical, pressing matter, which must be decided within twenty-four hours. But the manuscript is short and is intimately connected with the affair. With your permission I will read it to you.
Holmes: Holmes leaned back in his chair, placed his finger-tips together, and closed his eyes, with an air of resignation. Dr. Mortimer turned the manuscript to the light and read in a high, cracking voice the following curious, old-world narrative:--
###
Holmes: Of the origin of the Hound of the Baskervilles there have been many statements, yet as I come in a direct line from Hugo Baskerville, and as I had the story from my father, who also had it from his, I have set it down with all belief that it occurred even as is here set forth. And I would have you believe, my sons, that the same Justice which punishes sin may also most graciously forgive it, and that no ban is so heavy but that by prayer and repentance it may be removed. Learn then from this story not to fear the fruits of the past, but rather to be circumspect in the future, that those foul passions whereby our family has suffered so grievously may not again be loosed to our undoing.
###
Narrator: This from Hugo Baskerville to his sons Rodger and John, with instructions that they say nothing thereof to their sister Elizabeth.
Dr. Mortimer: When Dr. Mortimer had finished reading this singular narrative he pushed his spectacles up on his forehead and stared across at Mr. Sherlock Holmes.
Holmes: Well? Do you not find it interesting?
Holmes: To a collector of fairy tales.
Dr. Mortimer: Now, Mr. Holmes, we will give you something a little more recent. This is the Devon County Chronicle of May 14th of this year. It is a short account of the facts elicited at the death of Sir Charles Baskerville which occurred a few days before that date.
Holmes: *No dialogue*
###
Dr. Mortimer: No signs of violence were to be discovered upon Sir Charles's person, and though the doctor's evidence pointed to an almost incredible facial distortion--so great that Dr. Mortimer refused at first to believe that it was indeed his friend and patient who lay before him--it was explained that that is a symptom which is not unusual in cases of dyspnoea and death from cardiac exhaustion. This explanation was borne out by the post-mortem examination, which showed long-standing organic disease, and the coroner's jury returned a verdict in accordance with the medical evidence. It is well that this is so, for it is obviously of the utmost importance that Sir Charles's heir should settle at the Hall and continue the good work which has been so sadly interrupted. Had the prosaic finding of the coroner not finally put an end to the romantic stories which have been whispered in connection with the affair, it might have been difficult to find a tenant for Baskerville Hall. It is understood that the next of kin is Mr. Henry Baskerville, if he be still alive, the son of Sir Charles Baskerville's younger brother. The young man when last heard of was in America, and inquiries are being instituted with a view to informing him of his good fortune.
Holmes: I must thank you for calling my attention to a case which certainly presents some features of interest. I had observed some newspaper comment at the time, but I was exceedingly preoccupied by that little affair of the Vatican cameos, and in my anxiety to oblige the Pope I lost touch with several interesting English cases. This article, you say, contains all the public facts?
Dr. Mortimer: It does.
Holmes: Then let me have the private ones.
###
Holmes: It does.
Watson: Then let me have the private ones.
Holmes: In doing so, I am telling that which I have not confided to anyone. My motive for withholding it from the coroner's inquiry is that a man of science shrinks from placing himself in the public position of seeming to indorse a popular superstition. I had the further motive that Baskerville Hall, as the paper says, would certainly remain untenanted if anything were done to increase its already rather grim reputation. For both these reasons I thought that I was justified in telling rather less than I knew, since no practical good could result from it, but with you there is no reason why I should not be perfectly frank. The moor is very sparsely inhabited, and those who live near each other are thrown very much together. For this reason I saw a good deal of Sir Charles Baskerville. With the exception of Mr. Frankland, of Lafter Hall, and Mr. Stapleton, the naturalist, there are no other men of education within many miles. Sir Charles was a retiring man, but the chance of his illness brought us together, and a community of interests in science kept us so. He had brought back much scientific information from South Africa, and many a charming evening we have spent together discussing the comparative anatomy of the Bushman and the Hottentot.
###
Holmes: Footprints?
Dr. Mortimer: Footprints.
Holmes: A man's or a woman's?
Dr. Mortimer: Mr. Holmes, they were the footprints of a gigantic hound!
Holmes: You saw this?
Dr. Mortimer: As clearly as I see you.
Holmes: And you said nothing?
Dr. Mortimer: What was the use?
Holmes: How was it that no one else saw it?
Dr. Mortimer: The marks were some twenty yards from the body and no one gave them a thought. I don't suppose I should have done so had I not known this legend.
Holmes: There are many sheep dogs on the moor?
Dr. Mortimer: No doubt, but this was no sheep-dog.
Holmes: You say it was large?
Dr. Mortimer: Enormous.
Holmes: But it had not approached the body?
Dr. Mortimer: No.
Holmes: What sort of night was it?
Dr. Mortimer: Damp and raw.
Holmes: But not actually raining?
Dr. Mortimer: No.
Holmes: What is the Alley like?
Dr. Mortimer: There are two lines of old yew hedge, twelve feet high and impenetrable. The walk in the centre is about eight feet across.
Holmes: Is there anything between the hedges and the walk?
Dr. Mortimer: Yes, there is a strip of grass about six feet broad on either side.
Holmes: I understand that the yew hedge is penetrated at one point by a gate?
Dr. Mortimer: Yes, the wicket-gate which leads on to the moor.
Holmes: Is there any other opening?
Dr. Mortimer: None.
Holmes: So that to reach the Yew Alley one either has to come down it from the house or else to enter it by the moor-gate?
Dr. Mortimer: There is an exit through a summer-house at the far end.
Holmes: Had Sir Charles reached this?
Dr. Mortimer: No; he lay about fifty yards from it.
Holmes: Now, tell me, Dr. Mortimer--and this is important--the marks which you saw were on the path and not on the grass?
Dr. Mortimer: No marks could show on the grass.
Holmes: Were they on the same side of the path as the moor-gate?
###
Holmes: No; he lay about fifty yards from it.
Holmes: Now, tell me, Dr. Mortimer--and this is important--the marks which you saw were on the path and not on the grass?
Mortimer: No marks could show on the grass.
Holmes: Were they on the same side of the path as the moor-gate?
Mortimer: Yes; they were on the edge of the path on the same side as the moor-gate.
Holmes: You interest me exceedingly. Another point. Was the wicket-gate closed?
Mortimer: Closed and padlocked.
Holmes: How high was it?
Mortimer: About four feet high.
Holmes: Then anyone could have got over it?
Mortimer: Yes.
Holmes: And what marks did you see by the wicket-gate?
Mortimer: None in particular.
Holmes: Good heaven! Did no one examine?
Mortimer: Yes, I examined myself.
Holmes: And found nothing?
Mortimer: It was all very confused. Sir Charles had evidently stood there for five or ten minutes.
Holmes: How do you know that?
Mortimer: Because the ash had twice dropped from his cigar.
Holmes: Excellent! This is a colleague, Watson, after our own heart. But the marks?
Mortimer: He had left his own marks all over that small patch of gravel. I could discern no others.
Holmes: If I had only been there! It is evidently a case of extraordinary interest, and one which presented immense opportunities to the scientific expert. That gravel page upon which I might have read so much has been long ere this smudged by the rain and defaced by the clogs of curious peasants. Oh, Dr. Mortimer, Dr. Mortimer, to think that you should not have called me in! You have indeed much to answer for.
Mortimer: I could not call you in, Mr. Holmes, without disclosing these facts to the world, and I have already given my reasons for not wishing to do so. Besides, besides--
Holmes: Why do you hesitate?
Mortimer: There is a realm in which the most acute and most experienced of detectives is helpless.
Holmes: You mean that the thing is supernatural?
Mortimer: I did not positively say so.
Holmes: No, but you evidently think it.
###
Watson: Why do you hesitate?
Holmes: There is a realm in which the most acute and most experienced of detectives is helpless.
Watson: You mean that the thing is supernatural?
Holmes: I did not positively say so.
Watson: No, but you evidently think it.
Holmes: Since the tragedy, Mr. Holmes, there have come to my ears several incidents which are hard to reconcile with the settled order of Nature.
Watson: For example?
Holmes: I find that before the terrible event occurred several people had seen a creature upon the moor which corresponds with this Baskerville demon, and which could not possibly be any animal known to science. They all agreed that it was a huge creature, luminous, ghastly, and spectral. I have cross-examined these men, one of them a hard-headed countryman, one a farrier, and one a moorland farmer, who all tell the same story of this dreadful apparition, exactly corresponding to the hell-hound of the legend. I assure you that there is a reign of terror in the district, and that it is a hardy man who will cross the moor at night.
Holmes: And you, a trained man of science, believe it to be supernatural?
Watson: I do not know what to believe.
Holmes: I have hitherto confined my investigations to this world. In a modest way I have combated evil, but to take on the Father of Evil himself would, perhaps, be too ambitious a task. Yet you must admit that the footmark is material.
Watson: The original hound was material enough to tug a man's throat out, and yet he was diabolical as well.
Holmes: I see that you have quite gone over to the supernaturalists. But now, Dr. Mortimer, tell me this. If you hold these views, why have you come to consult me at all? You tell me in the same breath that it is useless to investigate Sir Charles's death, and that you desire me to do it.
Dr. Mortimer: I did not say that I desired you to do it.
Holmes: Then, how can I assist you?
Dr. Mortimer: By advising me as to what I should do with Sir Henry Baskerville, who arrives at Waterloo Station in exactly one hour and a quarter.
###
Dr. Mortimer: I did not say that I desired you to do it.
Holmes: Then, how can I assist you?
Dr. Mortimer: By advising me as to what I should do with Sir Henry Baskerville, who arrives at Waterloo Station in exactly one hour and a quarter.
Holmes: He being the heir?
Dr. Mortimer: Yes. On the death of Sir Charles we inquired for this young gentleman and found that he had been farming in Canada. From the accounts which have reached us he is an excellent fellow in every way. I speak not as a medical man but as a trustee and executor of Sir Charles's will.
Holmes: There is no other claimant, I presume?
Dr. Mortimer: None. The only other kinsman whom we have been able to trace was Rodger Baskerville, the youngest of three brothers of whom poor Sir Charles was the elder. The second brother, who died young, is the father of this lad Henry. The third, Rodger, was the black sheep of the family. He came of the old masterful Baskerville strain, and was the very image, they tell me, of the family picture of old Hugo. He made England too hot to hold him, fled to Central America, and died there in 1876 of yellow fever. Henry is the last of the Baskervilles. In one hour and five minutes I meet him at Waterloo Station. I have had a wire that he arrived at Southampton this morning. Now, Mr. Holmes, what would you advise me to do with him?
Holmes: Why should he not go to the home of his fathers?
###
Watson: Why should he not go to the home of his fathers?
Holmes: It seems natural, does it not? And yet, consider that every Baskerville who goes there meets with an evil fate. I feel sure that if Sir Charles could have spoken with me before his death he would have warned me against bringing this, the last of the old race, and the heir to great wealth, to that deadly place. And yet it cannot be denied that the prosperity of the whole poor, bleak country-side depends upon his presence. All the good work which has been done by Sir Charles will crash to the ground if there is no tenant of the Hall. I fear lest I should be swayed too much by my own obvious interest in the matter, and that is why I bring the case before you and ask for your advice.
Holmes: Put into plain words, the matter is this. In your opinion there is a diabolical agency which makes Dartmoor an unsafe abode for a Baskerville--that is your opinion?
Watson: At least I might go the length of saying that there is some evidence that this may be so.
Holmes: Exactly. But surely, if your supernatural theory be correct, it could work the young man evil in London as easily as in Devonshire. A devil with merely local powers like a parish vestry would be too inconceivable a thing.
Watson: You put the matter more flippantly, Mr. Holmes, than you would probably do if you were brought into personal contact with these things. Your advice, then, as I understand it, is that the young man will be as safe in Devonshire as in London. He comes in fifty minutes. What would you recommend?
Holmes: I recommend, sir, that you take a cab, call off your spaniel who is scratching at my front door, and proceed to Waterloo to meet Sir Henry Baskerville.
Watson: And then?
Holmes: And then you will say nothing to him at all until I have made up my mind about the matter.
Watson: How long will it take you to make up your mind?
###
Holmes: And then?
Holmes: And then you will say nothing to him at all until I have made up my mind about the matter.
Watson: How long will it take you to make up your mind?
Holmes: Twenty-four hours. At ten o'clock tomorrow, Dr. Mortimer, I will be much obliged to you if you will call upon me here, and it will be of help to me in my plans for the future if you will bring Sir Henry Baskerville with you.
Dr. Mortimer: I will do so, Mr. Holmes.
Holmes: Only one more question, Dr. Mortimer. You say that before Sir Charles Baskerville's death several people saw this apparition upon the moor?
Dr. Mortimer: Three people did.
Holmes: Did any see it after?
Dr. Mortimer: I have not heard of any.
Holmes: Thank you. Good morning.
Holmes: Going out, Watson?
Watson: Unless I can help you.
Holmes: No, my dear fellow, it is at the hour of action that I turn to you for aid. But this is splendid, really unique from some points of view. When you pass Bradley's, would you ask him to send up a pound of the strongest shag tobacco? Thank you. It would be as well if you could make it convenient not to return before evening. Then I should be very glad to compare impressions as to this most interesting problem which has been submitted to us this morning.
###
Watson: Caught cold, Watson?
Holmes: No, it's this poisonous atmosphere.
Watson: I suppose it is pretty thick, now that you mention it.
Holmes: Thick! It is intolerable. Open the window, then! You have been at your club all day, I perceive.
Watson: My dear Holmes!
Holmes: Am I right?
Watson: Certainly, but how?
Holmes: There is a delightful freshness about you, Watson, which makes it a pleasure to exercise any small powers which I possess at your expense. A gentleman goes forth on a showery and miry day. He returns immaculate in the evening with the gloss still on his hat and his boots. He has been a fixture therefore all day. He is not a man with intimate friends. Where, then, could he have been? Is it not obvious?
Watson: Well, it is rather obvious.
Holmes: The world is full of obvious things which nobody by any chance ever observes. Where do you think that I have been?
Watson: A fixture also.
Holmes: On the contrary, I have been to Devonshire. In spirit?
Watson: Exactly. My body has remained in this arm-chair and has, I regret to observe, consumed in my absence two large pots of coffee and an incredible amount of tobacco. After you left I sent down to Stamford's for the Ordnance map of this portion of the moor, and my spirit has hovered over it all day. I flatter myself that I could find my way about.
Watson: A large scale map, I presume?
Holmes: Very large. Here you have the particular district which concerns us. That is Baskerville Hall in the middle. With a wood round it?
###
Watson: A large scale map, I presume?
Holmes: Very large. Here you have the particular district which concerns us. That is Baskerville Hall in the middle.
Watson: With a wood round it?
Holmes: Exactly. I fancy the Yew Alley, though not marked under that name, must stretch along this line, with the moor, as you perceive, upon the right of it. This small clump of buildings here is the hamlet of Grimpen, where our friend Dr. Mortimer has his headquarters. Within a radius of five miles there are, as you see, only a very few scattered dwellings. Here is Lafter Hall, which was mentioned in the narrative. There is a house indicated here which may be the residence of the naturalist--Stapleton, if I remember right, was his name. Here are two moorland farm-houses, High Tor and Foulmire. Then fourteen miles away the great convict prison of Princetown. Between and around these scattered points extends the desolate, lifeless moor. This, then, is the stage upon which tragedy has been played, and upon which we may help to play it again.
Watson: It must be a wild place.
Holmes: Yes, the setting is a worthy one. If the devil did desire to have a hand in the affairs of men--
Watson: Then you are yourself inclining to the supernatural explanation.
###
Watson: It must be a wild place.
Holmes: Yes, the setting is a worthy one. If the devil did desire to have a hand in the affairs of men--
Watson: Then you are yourself inclining to the supernatural explanation.
Holmes: The devil's agents may be of flesh and blood, may they not? There are two questions waiting for us at the outset. The one is whether any crime has been committed at all; the second is, what is the crime and how was it committed? Of course, if Dr. Mortimer's surmise should be correct, and we are dealing with forces outside the ordinary laws of Nature, there is an end of our investigation. But we are bound to exhaust all other hypotheses before falling back upon this one. I think we'll shut that window again, if you don't mind. It is a singular thing, but I find that a concentrated atmosphere helps a concentration of thought. I have not pushed it to the length of getting into a box to think, but that is the logical outcome of my convictions. Have you turned the case over in your mind?
Watson: Yes, I have thought a good deal of it in the course of the day.
Holmes: What do you make of it?
Watson: It is very bewildering.
Holmes: It has certainly a character of its own. There are points of distinction about it. That change in the footprints, for example. What do you make of that?
Watson: Mortimer said that the man had walked on tiptoe down that portion of the alley.
Holmes: He only repeated what some fool had said at the inquest. Why should a man walk on tiptoe down the alley?
Watson: What then?
Holmes: He was running, Watson--running desperately, running for his life, running until he burst his heart and fell dead upon his face.
Watson: Running from what?
Holmes: There lies our problem. There are indications that the man was crazed with fear before ever he began to run.
Watson: How can you say that?
###
Holmes: Running from what?
Watson: There lies our problem. There are indications that the man was crazed with fear before ever he began to run.
Holmes: How can you say that?
Watson: I am presuming that the cause of his fears came to him across the moor. If that were so, and it seems most probable, only a man who had lost his wits would have run from the house instead of towards it. If the gipsy's evidence may be taken as true, he ran with cries for help in the direction where help was least likely to be. Then, again, whom was he waiting for that night, and why was he waiting for him in the Yew Alley rather than in his own house?
Holmes: You think that he was waiting for someone?
Watson: The man was elderly and infirm. We can understand his taking an evening stroll, but the ground was damp and the night inclement. Is it natural that he should stand for five or ten minutes, as Dr. Mortimer, with more practical sense than I should have given him credit for, deduced from the cigar ash? But he went out every evening.
Holmes: I think it unlikely that he waited at the moor-gate every evening. On the contrary, the evidence is that he avoided the moor. That night he waited there. It was the night before he made his departure for London. The thing takes shape, Watson. It becomes coherent. Might I ask you to hand me my violin, and we will postpone all further thought upon this business until we have had the advantage of meeting Dr. Mortimer and Sir Henry Baskerville in the morning.
Watson: CHAPTER IV
Watson: Sir Henry Baskerville
###
Holmes: This is Sir Henry Baskerville.
Sir Henry Baskerville: Why, yes, and the strange thing is, Mr. Sherlock Holmes, that if my friend here had not proposed coming round to you this morning I should have come on my own account. I understand that you think out little puzzles, and I've had one this morning which wants more thinking out than I am able to give it.
Holmes: Pray take a seat, Sir Henry. Do I understand you to say that you have yourself had some remarkable experience since you arrived in London?
Sir Henry Baskerville: Nothing of much importance, Mr. Holmes. Only a joke, as like as not. It was this letter, if you can call it a letter, which reached me this morning.
Holmes: Who knew that you were going to the Northumberland Hotel?
Holmes: No one could have known. We only decided after I met Dr. Mortimer.
Holmes: But Dr. Mortimer was no doubt already stopping there?
Dr. Mortimer: No, I had been staying with a friend. There was no possible indication that we intended to go to this hotel.
###
Dr. Mortimer: No one could have known. We only decided after I met Dr. Mortimer.
Holmes: But Dr. Mortimer was no doubt already stopping there?
Dr. Mortimer: No, I had been staying with a friend. There was no possible indication that we intended to go to this hotel.
Holmes: Hum! Someone seems to be very deeply interested in your movements.
Sir Henry Baskerville: Now, perhaps you will tell me, Mr. Holmes, what in thunder is the meaning of that, and who it is that takes so much interest in my affairs?
Holmes: What do you make of it, Dr. Mortimer? You must allow that there is nothing supernatural about this, at any rate?
Dr. Mortimer: No, sir, but it might very well come from someone who was convinced that the business is supernatural.
Sir Henry Baskerville: What business? It seems to me that all you gentlemen know a great deal more than I do about my own affairs.
Holmes: You shall share our knowledge before you leave this room, Sir Henry. I promise you that. We will confine ourselves for the present with your permission to this very interesting document, which must have been put together and posted yesterday evening. Have you yesterday's Times, Watson?
Watson: It is here in the corner. Might I trouble you for it--the inside page, please, with the leading articles? He glanced swiftly over it, running his eyes up and down the columns. Capital article this on free trade. Permit me to give you an extract from it.
###
Holmes: Might I trouble you for it--the inside page, please, with the leading articles?
Holmes: Capital article this on free trade. Permit me to give you an extract from it. 'You may be cajoled into imagining that your own special trade or your own industry will be encouraged by a protective tariff, but it stands to reason that such legislation must in the long run keep away wealth from the country, diminish the value of our imports, and lower the general conditions of life in this island.' What do you think of that, Watson?
Watson: I don't know much about the tariff and things of that kind, but it seems to me we've got a bit off the trail so far as that note is concerned.
Holmes: On the contrary, I think we are particularly hot upon the trail, Sir Henry. Watson here knows more about my methods than you do, but I fear that even he has not quite grasped the significance of this sentence.
Watson: No, I confess that I see no connection.
Holmes: And yet, my dear Watson, there is so very close a connection that the one is extracted out of the other. 'You,' 'your,' 'your,' 'life,' 'reason,' 'value,' 'keep away,' 'from the.' Don't you see now whence these words have been taken?
Sir Henry: By thunder, you're right! Well, if that isn't smart!
Sir Henry: Well, now- so it is!
###
Sir Henry: By thunder, you're right! Well, if that isn't smart!
Sir Henry: Well, now- so it is!
Dr. Mortimer: Really, Mr. Holmes, this exceeds anything which I could have imagined. I could understand anyone saying that the words were from a newspaper; but that you should name which, and add that it came from the leading article, is really one of the most remarkable things which I have ever known. How did you do it?
Holmes: I presume, Doctor, that you could tell the skull of a negro from that of an Esquimau?
Dr. Mortimer: Most certainly.
Holmes: But how?
Dr. Mortimer: Because that is my special hobby. The differences are obvious. The supra-orbital crest, the facial angle, the maxillary curve, the--
Holmes: But this is my special hobby, and the differences are equally obvious. There is as much difference to my eyes between the leaded bourgeois type of a Times article and the slovenly print of an evening half-penny paper as there could be between your negro and your Esquimau. The detection of types is one of the most elementary branches of knowledge to the special expert in crime, though I confess that once when I was very young I confused the Leeds Mercury with the Western Morning News. But a Times leader is entirely distinctive, and these words could have been taken from nothing else. As it was done yesterday the strong probability was that we should find the words in yesterday's issue.
Sir Henry Baskerville: So far as I can follow you, then, Mr. Holmes, someone cut out this message with a scissors--
Holmes: Nail-scissors. You can see that it was a very short-bladed scissors, since the cutter had to take two snips over 'keep away.'
Sir Henry Baskerville: That is so. Someone, then, cut out the message with a pair of short-bladed scissors, pasted it with paste--
Holmes: Gum. 
Sir Henry Baskerville: With gum on to the paper. But I want to know why the word 'moor' should have been written?
###
Holmes: Gum.
Watson: That is so. Someone, then, cut out the message with a pair of short-bladed scissors, pasted it with paste--"
Holmes: Because he could not find it in print. The other words were all simple and might be found in any issue, but 'moor' would be less common.
Watson: Why, of course, that would explain it. Have you read anything else in this message, Mr. Holmes?
Holmes: There are one or two indications, and yet the utmost pains have been taken to remove all clues. The address, you observe is printed in rough characters. But the Times is a paper which is seldom found in any hands but those of the highly educated. We may take it, therefore, that the letter was composed by an educated man who wished to pose as an uneducated one, and his effort to conceal his own writing suggests that that writing might be known, or come to be known, by you. Again, you will observe that the words are not gummed on in an accurate line, but that some are much higher than others. 'Life,' for example is quite out of its proper place. That may point to carelessness or it may point to agitation and hurry upon the part of the cutter. On the whole I incline to the latter view, since the matter was evidently important, and it is unlikely that the composer of such a letter would be careless. If he were in a hurry it opens up the interesting question why he should be in a hurry, since any letter posted up to early morning would reach Sir Henry before he would leave his hotel. Did the composer fear an interruption--and from whom?
Mortimer: We are coming now rather into the region of guesswork.
Holmes: Say, rather, into the region where we balance probabilities and choose the most likely. It is the scientific use of the imagination, but we have always some material basis on which to start our speculation. Now, you would call it a guess, no doubt, but I am almost certain that this address has been written in a hotel.
###
Holmes: How in the world can you say that?
Holmes: If you examine it carefully you will see that both the pen and the ink have given the writer trouble. The pen has spluttered twice in a single word, and has run dry three times in a short address, showing that there was very little ink in the bottle. Now, a private pen or ink-bottle is seldom allowed to be in such a state, and the combination of the two must be quite rare. But you know the hotel ink and the hotel pen, where it is rare to get anything else. Yes, I have very little hesitation in saying that could we examine the waste-paper baskets of the hotels around Charing Cross until we found the remains of the mutilated Times leader we could lay our hands straight upon the person who sent this singular message. Halloa! Halloa! What's this?
Holmes: Nothing. It is a blank half-sheet of paper, without even a water-mark upon it. I think we have drawn as much as we can from this curious letter; and now, Sir Henry, has anything else of interest happened to you since you have been in London?
Sir Henry: Why, no, Mr. Holmes. I think not.
Holmes: You have not observed anyone follow or watch you?
Sir Henry: I seem to have walked right into the thick of a dime novel. Why in thunder should anyone follow or watch me?
Holmes: We are coming to that. You have nothing else to report to us before we go into this matter?
Sir Henry: Well, it depends upon what you think worth reporting.
Holmes: I think anything out of the ordinary routine of life well worth reporting.
Sir Henry: I don't know much of British life yet, for I have spent nearly all my time in the States and in Canada. But I hope that to lose one of your boots is not part of the ordinary routine of life over here.
Sir Henry: You have lost one of your boots?
###
Watson: I don't know much of British life yet, for I have spent nearly all my time in the States and in Canada. But I hope that to lose one of your boots is not part of the ordinary routine of life over here.
Holmes: You have lost one of your boots?
Dr. Mortimer: My dear sir, it is only mislaid. You will find it when you return to the hotel. What is the use of troubling Mr. Holmes with trifles of this kind?
Holmes: Well, he asked me for anything outside the ordinary routine.
Holmes: Exactly, however foolish the incident may seem. You have lost one of your boots, you say?
Dr. Mortimer: Well, mislaid it, anyhow. I put them both outside my door last night, and there was only one in the morning. I could get no sense out of the chap who cleans them. The worst of it is that I only bought the pair last night in the Strand, and I have never had them on.
Holmes: If you have never worn them, why did you put them out to be cleaned?
Dr. Mortimer: They were tan boots and had never been varnished. That was why I put them out.
Holmes: Then I understand that on your arrival in London yesterday you went out at once and bought a pair of boots?
Dr. Mortimer: I did a good deal of shopping. Dr. Mortimer here went round with me. You see, if I am to be squire down there I must dress the part, and it may be that I have got a little careless in my ways out West. Among other things I bought these brown boots--gave six dollars for them--and had one stolen before ever I had them on my feet.
Holmes: It seems a singularly useless thing to steal. I confess that I share Dr. Mortimer's belief that it will not be long before the missing boot is found.
Baronet: And, now, gentlemen, it seems to me that I have spoken quite enough about the little that I know. It is time that you kept your promise and gave me a full account of what we are all driving at.
Holmes: Your request is a very reasonable one. Dr. Mortimer, I think you could not do better than to tell your story as you told it to us.
###
Holmes: Your request is a very reasonable one, Dr. Mortimer, I think you could not do better than to tell your story as you told it to us.
Dr. Mortimer: Well, I seem to have come into an inheritance with a vengeance. Of course, I've heard of the hound ever since I was in the nursery. It's the pet story of the family, though I never thought of taking it seriously before. But as to my uncle's death--well, it all seems boiling up in my head, and I can't get it clear yet. You don't seem quite to have made up your mind whether it's a case for a policeman or a clergyman.
Holmes: Precisely.
Sir Henry Baskerville: And now there's this affair of the letter to me at the hotel. I suppose that fits into its place.
Dr. Mortimer: It seems to show that someone knows more than we do about what goes on upon the moor.
Holmes: And also, that someone is not ill-disposed towards you, since they warn you of danger.
Dr. Mortimer: Or it may be that they wish, for their own purposes, to scare me away.
Holmes: Well, of course, that is possible also. I am very much indebted to you, Dr. Mortimer, for introducing me to a problem which presents several interesting alternatives. But the practical point which we now have to decide, Sir Henry, is whether it is or is not advisable for you to go to Baskerville Hall.
Sir Henry Baskerville: Why should I not go?
Holmes: There seems to be danger.
Sir Henry Baskerville: Do you mean danger from this family fiend or do you mean danger from human beings?
Holmes: Well, that is what we have to find out.
###
Watson: Why should I not go?
Holmes: There seems to be danger.
Watson: Do you mean danger from this family fiend or do you mean danger from human beings?
Holmes: Well, that is what we have to find out.
Watson: Whichever it is, my answer is fixed. There is no devil in hell, Mr. Holmes, and there is no man upon earth who can prevent me from going to the home of my own people, and you may take that to be my final answer.
Watson: Meanwhile, I have hardly had time to think over all that you have told me. It's a big thing for a man to have to understand and to decide at one sitting. I should like to have a quiet hour by myself to make up my mind. Now, look here, Mr. Holmes, it's half-past eleven now and I am going back right away to my hotel. Suppose you and your friend, Dr. Watson, come round and lunch with us at two. I'll be able to tell you more clearly then how this thing strikes me.
Holmes: Is that convenient to you, Watson?
Watson: Perfectly.
Holmes: Then you may expect us. Shall I have a cab called?
Watson: I'd prefer to walk, for this affair has flurried me rather.
Holmes: I'll join you in a walk, with pleasure.
Holmes: Then we meet again at two o'clock. Au revoir, and good-morning!
Holmes: Your hat and boots, Watson, quick! Not a moment to lose!
Holmes: Shall I run on and stop them?
###
Watson: Shall I run on and stop them?
Holmes: Not for the world, my dear Watson. I am perfectly satisfied with your company if you will tolerate mine. Our friends are wise, for it is certainly a very fine morning for a walk.
Holmes: There's our man, Watson! Come along! We'll have a good look at him, if we can do no more.
Holmes: There now! Was ever such bad luck and such bad management, too? Watson, Watson, if you are an honest man you will record this also and set it against my successes!
Watson: Who was the man?
Holmes: I have not an idea.
Watson: A spy?
Holmes: Well, it was evident from what we have heard that Baskerville has been very closely shadowed by someone since he has been in town. How else could it be known so quickly that it was the Northumberland Hotel which he had chosen? If they had followed him the first day I argued that they would follow him also the second. You may have observed that I twice strolled over to the window while Dr. Mortimer was reading his legend.
###
Holmes: Yes, I remember.
Holmes: I was looking out for loiterers in the street, but I saw none. We are dealing with a clever man, Watson. This matter cuts very deep, and though I have not finally made up my mind whether it is a benevolent or a malevolent agency which is in touch with us, I am conscious always of power and design. When our friends left I at once followed them in the hopes of marking down their invisible attendant. So wily was he that he had not trusted himself upon foot, but he had availed himself of a cab so that he could loiter behind or dash past them and so escape their notice. His method had the additional advantage that if they were to take a cab he was all ready to follow them. It has, however, one obvious disadvantage.
Watson: It puts him in the power of the cabman.
Holmes: Exactly.
Watson: What a pity we did not get the number!
Holmes: My dear Watson, clumsy as I have been, you surely do not seriously imagine that I neglected to get the number? No. 2704 is our man. But that is no use to us for the moment.
Watson: I fail to see how you could have done more.
Holmes: On observing the cab I should have instantly turned and walked in the other direction. I should then at my leisure have hired a second cab and followed the first at a respectful distance, or, better still, have driven to the Northumberland Hotel and waited there. When our unknown had followed Baskerville home we should have had the opportunity of playing his own game upon himself and seeing where he made for. As it is, by an indiscreet eagerness, which was taken advantage of with extraordinary quickness and energy by our opponent, we have betrayed ourselves and lost our man.
Holmes: There is no object in our following them, The shadow has departed and will not return. We must see what further cards we have in our hands and play them with decision. Could you swear to that man's face within the cab?
###
Holmes: There is no object in our following them. The shadow has departed and will not return. We must see what further cards we have in our hands and play them with decision. Could you swear to that man's face within the cab?
Watson: I could swear only to the beard.
Holmes: And so could I--from which I gather that in all probability it was a false one. A clever man upon so delicate an errand has no use for a beard save to conceal his features. Come in here, Watson!
Holmes: Ah, Wilson, I see you have not forgotten the little case in which I had the good fortune to help you?
Wilson: No, sir, indeed I have not. You saved my good name, and perhaps my life.
Holmes: My dear fellow, you exaggerate. I have some recollection, Wilson, that you had among your boys a lad named Cartwright, who showed some ability during the investigation.
Wilson: Yes, sir, he is still with us.
Holmes: Could you ring him up?--thank you! And I should be glad to have change of this five-pound note.
Holmes: Let me have the Hotel Directory. Thank you! Now, Cartwright, there are the names of twenty-three hotels here, all in the immediate neighbourhood of Charing Cross. Do you see?
Cartwright: Yes, sir.
Holmes: You will visit each of these in turn.
Cartwright: Yes, sir.
Holmes: You will begin in each case by giving the outside porter one shilling. Here are twenty-three shillings.
Cartwright: Yes, sir.
Holmes: You will tell him that you want to see the waste-paper of yesterday. You will say that an important telegram has miscarried and that you are looking for it. You understand?
Cartwright: Yes, sir.
Holmes: But what you are really looking for is the centre page of the Times with some holes cut in it with scissors. Here is a copy of the Times. It is this page. You could easily recognize it, could you not?
Cartwright: Yes, sir.
###
Holmes: Yes, sir.
Holmes: But what you are really looking for is the centre page of the Times with some holes cut in it with scissors. Here is a copy of the Times. It is this page. You could easily recognize it, could you not?
Watson: Yes, sir.
Holmes: In each case the outside porter will send for the hall porter, to whom also you will give a shilling. Here are twenty-three shillings. You will then learn in possibly twenty cases out of the twenty-three that the waste of the day before has been burned or removed. In the three other cases you will be shown a heap of paper and you will look for this page of the Times among it. The odds are enormously against your finding it. There are ten shillings over in case of emergencies. Let me have a report by wire at Baker Street before evening. And now, Watson, it only remains for us to find out by wire the identity of the cabman, No. 2704, and then we will drop into one of the Bond Street picture galleries and fill in the time until we are due at the hotel.
Clerk: Sir Henry Baskerville is upstairs expecting you. He asked me to show you up at once when you came.
Holmes: Have you any objection to my looking at your register?
Clerk: Not in the least.
Holmes: Surely that must be the same Johnson whom I used to know. A lawyer, is he not, gray-headed, and walks with a limp?
###
Holmes: Surely that must be the same Johnson whom I used to know. A lawyer, is he not, gray-headed, and walks with a limp?
Porter: No, sir; this is Mr. Johnson, the coal-owner, a very active gentleman, not older than yourself.
Holmes: Surely you are mistaken about his trade?
Porter: No, sir! he has used this hotel for many years, and he is very well known to us.
Holmes: Ah, that settles it. Mrs. Oldmore, too; I seem to remember the name. Excuse my curiosity, but often in calling upon one friend one finds another.
Porter: She is an invalid lady, sir. Her husband was once mayor of Gloucester. She always comes to us when she is in town.
Holmes: Thank you; I am afraid I cannot claim her acquaintance. We have established a most important fact by these questions, Watson. We know now that the people who are so interested in our friend have not settled down in his own hotel. That means that while they are, as we have seen, very anxious to watch him, they are equally anxious that he should not see them. Now, this is a most suggestive fact.
Watson: What does it suggest?
Holmes: It suggests--halloa, my dear fellow, what on earth is the matter?
Baskerville: Seems to me they are playing me for a sucker in this hotel. They'll find they've started in to monkey with the wrong man unless they are careful. By thunder, if that chap can't find my missing boot there will be trouble. I can take a joke with the best, Mr. Holmes, but they've got a bit over the mark this time.
Holmes: Still looking for your boot?
Baskerville: Yes, sir, and mean to find it.
Holmes: But, surely, you said that it was a new brown boot?
Baskerville: So it was, sir. And now it's an old black one.
###
Watson: Still looking for your boot?
German waiter: Yes, sir, and mean to find it.
Watson: But, surely, you said that it was a new brown boot?
German waiter: So it was, sir. And now it's an old black one.
Watson: What! you don't mean to say--?
German waiter: That's just what I do mean to say. I only had three pairs in the world--the new brown, the old black, and the patent leathers, which I am wearing. Last night they took one of my brown ones, and to-day they have sneaked one of the black. Well, have you got it? Speak out, man, and don't stand staring!
German waiter: No, sir; I have made inquiry all over the hotel, but I can hear no word of it.
Watson: Well, either that boot comes back before sundown or I'll see the manager and tell him that I go right straight out of this hotel.
German waiter: It shall be found, sir--I promise you that if you will have a little patience it will be found.
Watson: Mind it is, for it's the last thing of mine that I'll lose in this den of thieves. Well, well, Mr. Holmes, you'll excuse my troubling you about such a trifle--
Holmes: I think it's well worth troubling about.
Watson: Why, you look very serious over it.
Holmes: How do you explain it?
Watson: I just don't attempt to explain it. It seems the very maddest, queerest thing that ever happened to me.
Holmes: The queerest perhaps-
Holmes: What do you make of it yourself?
Watson: Well, I don't profess to understand it yet. This case of yours is very complex, Sir Henry. When taken in conjunction with your uncle's death I am not sure that of all the five hundred cases of capital importance which I have handled there is one which cuts so deep. But we hold several threads in our hands, and the odds are that one or other of them guides us to the truth. We may waste time in following the wrong one, but sooner or later we must come upon the right.
Watson: We had a pleasant luncheon in which little was said of the business which had brought us together. It was in the private sitting-room to which we afterwards repaired that Holmes asked Baskerville what were his intentions.
###
Holmes: To go to Baskerville Hall.
Baskerville: At the end of the week.
Holmes: On the whole, I think that your decision is a wise one. I have ample evidence that you are being dogged in London, and amid the millions of this great city it is difficult to discover who these people are or what their object can be. If their intentions are evil they might do you a mischief, and we should be powerless to prevent it. You did not know, Dr. Mortimer, that you were followed this morning from my house?
Dr. Mortimer: Followed! By whom?
Holmes: That, unfortunately, is what I cannot tell you. Have you among your neighbours or acquaintances on Dartmoor any man with a black, full beard?
Dr. Mortimer: No--or, let me see--why, yes. Barrymore, Sir Charles's butler, is a man with a full, black beard.
Holmes: Ha! Where is Barrymore?
Dr. Mortimer: He is in charge of the Hall.
Holmes: We had best ascertain if he is really there, or if by any possibility he might be in London.
Dr. Mortimer: How can you do that?
Holmes: Give me a telegraph form. 'Is all ready for Sir Henry?' That will do. Address to Mr. Barrymore, Baskerville Hall. What is the nearest telegraph-office? Grimpen. Very good, we will send a second wire to the postmaster, Grimpen: 'Telegram to Mr. Barrymore to be delivered into his own hand. If absent, please return wire to Sir Henry Baskerville, Northumberland Hotel.' That should let us know before evening whether Barrymore is at his post in Devonshire or not.
Baskerville: That's so. By the way, Dr. Mortimer, who is this Barrymore, anyhow?
Dr. Mortimer: He is the son of the old caretaker, who is dead. They have looked after the Hall for four generations now. So far as I know, he and his wife are as respectable a couple as any in the county.
###
Narrator: He is the son of the old caretaker, who is dead. They have looked after the Hall for four generations now. So far as I know, he and his wife are as respectable a couple as any in the county.
Baskerville: At the same time, it's clear enough that so long as there are none of the family at the Hall these people have a mighty fine home and nothing to do.
Holmes: Did Barrymore profit at all by Sir Charles's will?
Baskerville: He and his wife had five hundred pounds each.
Holmes: Did they know that they would receive this?
Baskerville: Yes; Sir Charles was very fond of talking about the provisions of his will.
Holmes: That is very interesting.
Mortimer: I hope that you do not look with suspicious eyes upon everyone who received a legacy from Sir Charles, for I also had a thousand pounds left to me.
Holmes: Indeed! And anyone else?
Mortimer: There were many insignificant sums to individuals, and a large number of public charities. The residue all went to Sir Henry.
Holmes: And how much was the residue?
Mortimer: Seven hundred and forty thousand pounds.
Holmes: I had no idea that so gigantic a sum was involved.
Mortimer: Sir Charles had the reputation of being rich, but we did not know how very rich he was until we came to examine his securities. The total value of the estate was close on to a million.
Holmes: Dear me! It is a stake for which a man might well play a desperate game. And one more question, Dr. Mortimer. Supposing that anything happened to our young friend here--you will forgive the unpleasant hypothesis!--who would inherit the estate?
Mortimer: Since Rodger Baskerville, Sir Charles's younger brother died unmarried, the estate would descend to the Desmonds, who are distant cousins. James Desmond is an elderly clergyman in Westmoreland.
Holmes: Thank you. These details are all of great interest. Have you met Mr. James Desmond?
###
Holmes: Thank you. These details are all of great interest. Have you met Mr. James Desmond?
Watson: Yes; he once came down to visit Sir Charles. He is a man of venerable appearance and of saintly life. I remember that he refused to accept any settlement from Sir Charles, though he pressed it upon him.
Holmes: And this man of simple tastes would be the heir to Sir Charles's thousands.
Watson: He would be the heir to the estate because that is entailed. He would also be the heir to the money unless it were willed otherwise by the present owner, who can, of course, do what he likes with it.
Holmes: And have you made your will, Sir Henry?
Sir Henry: No, Mr. Holmes, I have not. I've had no time, for it was only yesterday that I learned how matters stood. But in any case I feel that the money should go with the title and estate. That was my poor uncle's idea. How is the owner going to restore the glories of the Baskervilles if he has not money enough to keep up the property? House, land, and dollars must go together.
Holmes: Quite so. Well, Sir Henry, I am of one mind with you as to the advisability of your going down to Devonshire without delay. There is only one provision which I must make. You certainly must not go alone.
Sir Henry: Dr. Mortimer returns with me.
Holmes: But Dr. Mortimer has his practice to attend to, and his house is miles away from yours. With all the good will in the world he may be unable to help you. No, Sir Henry, you must take with you someone, a trusty man, who will be always by your side.
Sir Henry: Is it possible that you could come yourself, Mr. Holmes?
Holmes: If matters came to a crisis I should endeavour to be present in person; but you can understand that, with my extensive consulting practice and with the constant appeals which reach me from many quarters, it is impossible for me to be absent from London for an indefinite time. At the present instant one of the most revered names in England is being besmirched by a blackmailer, and only I can stop a disastrous scandal. You will see how impossible it is for me to go to Dartmoor.
###
Watson: Whom would you recommend, then?
Holmes: If my friend would undertake it there is no man who is better worth having at your side when you are in a tight place. No one can say so more confidently than I.
Baskerville: Well, now, that is real kind of you, Dr. Watson. You see how it is with me, and you know just as much about the matter as I do. If you will come down to Baskerville Hall and see me through I'll never forget it.
Watson: I will come, with pleasure. I do not know how I could employ my time better.
Holmes: And you will report very carefully to me. When a crisis comes, as it will do, I will direct how you shall act. I suppose that by Saturday all might be ready?
Watson: Would that suit Dr. Watson?
Holmes: Perfectly. Then on Saturday, unless you hear to the contrary, we shall meet at the 10.30 train from Paddington.
Baskerville: My missing boot!
Holmes: May all our difficulties vanish as easily!
Mortimer: But it is a very singular thing. I searched this room carefully before lunch.
Baskerville: And so did I. Every inch of it.
Mortimer: There was certainly no boot in it then.
Baskerville: In that case the waiter must have placed it there while we were lunching.
###
Baskerville: And so did I. Every inch of it.
Watson: There was certainly no boot in it then.
Baskerville: In that case the waiter must have placed it there while we were lunching.
Watson: The German was sent for but professed to know nothing of the matter, nor could any inquiry clear it up. Another item had been added to that constant and apparently purposeless series of small mysteries which had succeeded each other so rapidly. Setting aside the whole grim story of Sir Charles's death, we had a line of inexplicable incidents all within the limits of two days, which included the receipt of the printed letter, the black-bearded spy in the hansom, the loss of the new brown boot, the loss of the old black boot, and now the return of the new brown boot. Holmes sat in silence in the cab as we drove back to Baker Street, and I knew from his drawn brows and keen face that his mind, like my own, was busy in endeavouring to frame some scheme into which all these strange and apparently disconnected episodes could be fitted. All afternoon and late into the evening he sat lost in tobacco and thought.
Holmes: Just before dinner two telegrams were handed in. The first ran: Have just heard that Barrymore is at the Hall. Baskerville. The second: Visited twenty-three hotels as directed, but sorry to report unable to trace cut sheet of Times. Cartwright. There go two of my threads, Watson. There is nothing more stimulating than a case where everything goes against you. We must cast round for another scent.
Watson: We have still the cabman who drove the spy.
Holmes: Exactly. I have wired to get his name and address from the Official Registry. I should not be surprised if this were an answer to my question. The ring at the bell proved to be something even more satisfactory than an answer, however, for the door opened and a rough-looking fellow entered who was evidently the man himself.
###
Holmes: I got a message from the head office that a gent at this address had been inquiring for 2704. I've driven my cab this seven years and never a word of complaint. I came here straight from the Yard to ask you to your face what you had against me.
Cabman: I have nothing in the world against you, my good man. On the contrary, I have half a sovereign for you if you will give me a clear answer to my questions.
Cabman: Well, I've had a good day and no mistake. What was it you wanted to ask, sir?
Holmes: First of all your name and address, in case I want you again.
Cabman: John Clayton, 3 Turpey Street, the Borough. My cab is out of Shipley's Yard, near Waterloo Station.
Holmes: Now, Clayton, tell me all about the fare who came and watched this house at ten o'clock this morning and afterwards followed the two gentlemen down Regent Street.
Cabman: Why, there's no good my telling you things, for you seem to know as much as I do already. The truth is that the gentleman told me that he was a detective and that I was to say nothing about him to anyone.
Holmes: My good fellow, this is a very serious business, and you may find yourself in a pretty bad position if you try to hide anything from me. You say that your fare told you that he was a detective?
Cabman: Yes, he did. When he left me.
Holmes: Did he say anything more?
Cabman: He mentioned his name.
Holmes: Oh, he mentioned his name, did he? That was imprudent. What was the name that he mentioned?
Cabman: His name was Mr. Sherlock Holmes.
Holmes: *Burst into a hearty laugh*
###
Cabman: His name was Mr. Sherlock Holmes.
Watson: Never have I seen my friend more completely taken aback than by the cabman's reply. For an instant he sat in silent amazement. Then he burst into a hearty laugh.
Holmes: A touch, Watson--an undeniable touch! I feel a foil as quick and supple as my own. He got home upon me very prettily that time. So his name was Sherlock Holmes, was it?
Cabman: Yes, sir, that was the gentleman's name.
Holmes: Excellent! Tell me where you picked him up and all that occurred.
Cabman: He hailed me at half-past nine in Trafalgar Square. He said that he was a detective, and he offered me two guineas if I would do exactly what he wanted all day and ask no questions. I was glad enough to agree. First we drove down to the Northumberland Hotel and waited there until two gentlemen came out and took a cab from the rank. We followed their cab until it pulled up somewhere near here.
Holmes: This very door.
Cabman: Well, I couldn't be sure of that, but I dare say my fare knew all about it. We pulled up half-way down the street and waited an hour and a half. Then the two gentlemen passed us, walking, and we followed down Baker Street and along--
Holmes: I know.
Cabman: Until we got three-quarters down Regent Street. Then my gentleman threw up the trap, and he cried that I should drive right away to Waterloo Station as hard as I could go. I whipped up the mare and we were there under the ten minutes. Then he paid up his two guineas, like a good one, and away he went into the station. Only just as he was leaving he turned round and he said: 'It might interest you to know that you have been driving Mr. Sherlock Holmes.' That's how I come to know the name.
Holmes: I see. And you saw no more of him?
Cabman: Not after he went into the station.
Holmes: And how would you describe Mr. Sherlock Holmes?
###
Holmes: I see. And you saw no more of him?
Cabman: Not after he went into the station.
Holmes: And how would you describe Mr. Sherlock Holmes?
Cabman: Well, he wasn't altogether such an easy gentleman to describe. I'd put him at forty years of age, and he was of a middle height, two or three inches shorter than you, sir. He was dressed like a toff, and he had a black beard, cut square at the end, and a pale face. I don't know as I could say more than that.
Holmes: Colour of his eyes?
Cabman: No, I can't say that.
Holmes: Nothing more that you can remember?
Cabman: No, sir; nothing.
Holmes: Well, then, here is your half-sovereign. There's another one waiting for you if you can bring any more information. Good night!
Cabman: Good night, sir, and thank you!
Holmes: Snap goes our third thread, and we end where we began. The cunning rascal! He knew our number, knew that Sir Henry Baskerville had consulted me, spotted who I was in Regent Street, conjectured that I had got the number of the cab and would lay my hands on the driver, and so sent back this audacious message. I tell you, Watson, this time we have got a foeman who is worthy of our steel. I've been checkmated in London. I can only wish you better luck in Devonshire. But I'm not easy in my mind about it.
Watson: About what?
Holmes: About sending you. It's an ugly business, Watson, an ugly dangerous business, and the more I see of it the less I like it. Yes, my dear fellow, you may laugh, but I give you my word that I shall be very glad to have you back safe and sound in Baker Street once more.
Holmes: Sir Henry Baskerville and Dr. Mortimer were ready upon the appointed day, and we started as arranged for Devonshire. Mr. Sherlock Holmes drove with me to the station and gave me his last parting injunctions and advice.
###
Holmes: I will not bias your mind by suggesting theories or suspicions, Watson, I wish you simply to report facts in the fullest possible manner to me, and you can leave me to do the theorizing.
Watson: What sort of facts?
Holmes: Anything which may seem to have a bearing however indirect upon the case, and especially the relations between young Baskerville and his neighbours or any fresh particulars concerning the death of Sir Charles. I have made some inquiries myself in the last few days, but the results have, I fear, been negative. One thing only appears to be certain, and that is that Mr. James Desmond, who is the next heir, is an elderly gentleman of a very amiable disposition, so that this persecution does not arise from him. I really think that we may eliminate him entirely from our calculations. There remain the people who will actually surround Sir Henry Baskerville upon the moor.
Watson: Would it not be well in the first place to get rid of this Barrymore couple?
Holmes: By no means. You could not make a greater mistake. If they are innocent it would be a cruel injustice, and if they are guilty we should be giving up all chance of bringing it home to them. No, no, we will preserve them upon our list of suspects. Then there is a groom at the Hall, if I remember right. There are two moorland farmers. There is our friend Dr. Mortimer, whom I believe to be entirely honest, and there is his wife, of whom we know nothing. There is this naturalist, Stapleton, and there is his sister, who is said to be a young lady of attractions. There is Mr. Frankland, of Lafter Hall, who is also an unknown factor, and there are one or two other neighbours. These are the folk who must be your very special study.
Watson: I will do my best.
Holmes: You have arms, I suppose?
###
Watson: I will do my best.
Holmes: You have arms, I suppose?
Watson: Yes, I thought it as well to take them.
Holmes: Most certainly. Keep your revolver near you night and day, and never relax your precautions.
Dr. Mortimer: No, we have no news of any kind. I can swear to one thing, and that is that we have not been shadowed during the last two days. We have never gone out without keeping a sharp watch, and no one could have escaped our notice.
Holmes: You have always kept together, I presume?
Dr. Mortimer: Except yesterday afternoon. I usually give up one day to pure amusement when I come to town, so I spent it at the Museum of the College of Surgeons.
Baskerville: And I went to look at the folk in the park. But we had no trouble of any kind.
Holmes: It was imprudent, all the same. I beg, Sir Henry, that you will not go about alone. Some great misfortune will befall you if you do. Did you get your other boot?
Sir Henry: No, sir, it is gone forever.
Holmes: Indeed. That is very interesting. Well, good-bye. Bear in mind, Sir Henry, one of the phrases in that queer old legend which Dr. Mortimer has read to us, and avoid the moor in those hours of darkness when the powers of evil are exalted.
###
Watson: I do not think that it is likely.
Holmes: Of course you know the legend of the fiend dog which haunts the family?
Watson: I have heard it.
Holmes: It is extraordinary how credulous the peasants are about here! Any number of them are ready to swear that they have seen such a creature upon the moor.
Holmes: The story took a great hold upon the imagination of Sir Charles, and I have no doubt that it led to his tragic end.
Watson: But how?
Holmes: His nerves were so worked up that the appearance of any dog might have had a fatal effect upon his diseased heart. I fancy that he really did see something of the kind upon that last night in the Yew Alley. I feared that some disaster might occur, for I was very fond of the old man, and I knew that his heart was weak.
Watson: How did you know that?
Holmes: My friend Mortimer told me.
Watson: You think, then, that some dog pursued Sir Charles, and that he died of fright in consequence?
Holmes: Have you any better explanation?
Watson: I have not come to any conclusion.
Holmes: Has Mr. Sherlock Holmes?
Watson: May I ask if he is going to honour us with a visit himself?
Holmes: He cannot leave town at present. He has other cases which engage his attention.
###
Watson: Bogs make queer noises sometimes. It's the mud settling, or the water rising, or something.
Holmes: No, no, that was a living voice.
Watson: Well, perhaps it was. Did you ever hear a bittern booming?
Holmes: No, I never did. It's a very rare bird--practically extinct--in England now, but all things are possible upon the moor. Yes, I should not be surprised to learn that what we have heard is the cry of the last of the bitterns.
Watson: It's the weirdest, strangest thing that ever I heard in my life.
Holmes: Yes, it's rather an uncanny place altogether. Look at the hill-side yonder. What do you make of those?
Watson: What are they? Sheep pens?
Holmes: No, they are the homes of our worthy ancestors. Prehistoric man lived thickly on the moor, and as no one in particular has lived there since, we find all his little arrangements exactly as he left them. These are his wigwams with the roofs off. You can even see his hearth and his couch if you have the curiosity to go inside.
Watson: But it is quite a town. When was it inhabited?
Holmes: Neolithic man--no date. What did he do? He grazed his cattle on these slopes, and he learned to dig for tin when the bronze sword began to supersede the stone axe. Look at the great trench in the opposite hill. That is his mark. Yes, you will find some very singular points about the moor, Dr. Watson. Oh, excuse me an instant! It is surely Cyclopides.
###
Watson: Sir Henry had to assure him that it was not so and pacify him by giving him a considerable part of his old wardrobe, the London outfit having now all arrived.
Holmes: Mrs. Barrymore is of interest to me. She is a heavy, solid person, very limited, intensely respectable, and inclined to be puritanical. You could hardly conceive a less emotional subject. Yet I have told you how, on the first night here, I heard her sobbing bitterly, and since then I have more than once observed traces of tears upon her face. Some deep sorrow gnaws ever at her heart. Sometimes I wonder if she has a guilty memory which haunts her, and sometimes I suspect Barrymore of being a domestic tyrant. I have always felt that there was something singular and questionable in this man's character, but the adventure of last night brings all my suspicions to a head.
Holmes: And yet it may seem a small matter in itself. You are aware that I am not a very sound sleeper, and since I have been on guard in this house my slumbers have been lighter than ever. Last night, about two in the morning, I was aroused by a stealthy step passing my room. I rose, opened my door, and peeped out. A long black shadow was trailing down the corridor. It was thrown by a man who walked softly down the passage with a candle held in his hand. He was in shirt and trousers, with no covering to his feet. I could merely see the outline, but his height told me that it was Barrymore. He walked very slowly and circumspectly, and there was something indescribably guilty and furtive in his whole appearance.
###
Watson: What, are you coming, Watson?
Holmes: That depends on whether you are going on the moor.
Watson: Yes, I am. Well, you know what my instructions are. I am sorry to intrude, but you heard how earnestly Holmes insisted that I should not leave you, and especially that you should not go alone upon the moor.
Sir Henry: My dear fellow, Holmes, with all his wisdom, did not foresee some things which have happened since I have been on the moor. You understand me? I am sure that you are the last man in the world who would wish to be a spoil-sport. I must go out alone.
Watson: It put me in a most awkward position. I was at a loss what to say or what to do, and before I had made up my mind he picked up his cane and was gone. But when I came to think the matter over my conscience reproached me bitterly for having on any pretext allowed him to go out of my sight. I imagined what my feelings would be if I had to return to you and to confess that some misfortune had occurred through my disregard for your instructions. I assure you my cheeks flushed at the very thought. It might not even now be too late to overtake him, so I set off at once in the direction of Merripit House.
###
Holmes: Halloa, Watson! Where have you dropped from? You don't mean to say that you came after me in spite of all?
Watson: I explained everything to him: how I had found it impossible to remain behind, how I had followed him, and how I had witnessed all that had occurred.
Holmes: You would have thought the middle of that prairie a fairly safe place for a man to be private, but, by thunder, the whole country-side seems to have been out to see me do my wooing--and a mighty poor wooing at that! Where had you engaged a seat?
Watson: I was on that hill.
Holmes: Quite in the back row, eh? But her brother was well up to the front. Did you see him come out on us?
Watson: Yes, I did.
Holmes: Did he ever strike you as being crazy--this brother of hers?
Watson: I can't say that he ever did.
Holmes: I dare say not. I always thought him sane enough until to-day, but you can take it from me that either he or I ought to be in a strait-jacket. What's the matter with me, anyhow? You've lived near me for some weeks, Watson. Tell me straight, now! Is there anything that would prevent me from making a good husband to a woman that I loved?
Watson: I should say not.
Holmes: He can't object to my worldly position, so it must be myself that he has this down on. What has he against me? I never hurt man or woman in my life that I know of. And yet he would not so much as let me touch the tips of her fingers.
Watson: Did he say so?
###
Watson: Did he give any explanation of his conduct?
Holmes: His sister is everything in his life, he says. That is natural enough, and I am glad that he should understand her value. They have always been together, and according to his account he has been a very lonely man with only her as a companion, so that the thought of losing her was really terrible to him. He had not understood, he said, that I was becoming attached to her, but when he saw with his own eyes that it was really so, and that she might be taken away from him, it gave him such a shock that for a time he was not responsible for what he said or did. He was very sorry for all that had passed, and he recognized how foolish and how selfish it was that he should imagine that he could hold a beautiful woman like his sister to himself for her whole life. If she had to leave him he had rather it was to a neighbour like myself than to anyone else. But in any case it was a blow to him, and it would take him some time before he could prepare himself to meet it. He would withdraw all opposition upon his part if I would promise for three months to let the matter rest and to be content with cultivating the lady's friendship during that time without claiming her love. This I promised, and so the matter rests.
Watson: So there is one of our small mysteries cleared up. It is something to have touched bottom anywhere in this bog in which we are floundering. We know now why Stapleton looked with disfavour upon his sister's suitor--even when that suitor was so eligible a one as Sir Henry. And now I pass on to another thread which I have extricated out of the tangled skein, the mystery of the sobs in the night, of the tear-stained face of Mrs. Barrymore, of the secret journey of the butler to the western lattice window. Congratulate me, my dear Holmes, and tell me that I have not disappointed you as an agent--that you do not regret the confidence which you showed in me when you sent me down. All these things have by one night's work been thoroughly cleared.
###
Watson: I will come.
Holmes: Then get your revolver and put on your boots. The sooner we start the better, as the fellow may put out his light and be off.
Watson: Are you armed?
Holmes: I have a hunting crop.
Watson: We must close in on him rapidly, for he is said to be a desperate fellow. We shall take him by surprise and have him at our mercy before he can resist.
Baronet: I say, Watson, what would Holmes say to this? How about that hour of darkness in which the power of evil is exalted?
Watson: I don't know. It's a sound they have on the moor. I heard it once before.
Baronet: My God, what's that, Watson?
Watson: I don't know. It's a sound they have on the moor. I heard it once before.
Baronet: Watson, it was the cry of a hound.
Baronet: What do they call this sound?
Watson: Who?
Baronet: The folk on the country-side.
Watson: Oh, they are ignorant people. Why should you mind what they call it?
Baronet: Tell me, Watson. What do they say of it?
###
Watson: What do they call this sound?
Holmes: Who? The folk on the country-side.
Watson: Oh, they are ignorant people. Why should you mind what they call it?
Holmes: Tell me, Watson. What do they say of it?
Watson: They say it is the cry of the Hound of the Baskervilles.
Holmes: A hound it was, but it seemed to come from miles away, over yonder, I think.
Watson: It was hard to say whence it came.
Holmes: It rose and fell with the wind. Isn't that the direction of the great Grimpen Mire?
Watson: Yes, it is.
Holmes: Well, it was up there. Come now, Watson, didn't you think yourself that it was the cry of a hound? I am not a child. You need not fear to speak the truth.
Watson: Stapleton was with me when I heard it last. He said that it might be the calling of a strange bird.
Holmes: No, no, it was a hound. My God, can there be some truth in all these stories? Is it possible that I am really in danger from so dark a cause? You don't believe it, do you, Watson?
Watson: No, no.
Holmes: And yet it was one thing to laugh about it in London, and it is another to stand out here in the darkness of the moor and to hear such a cry as that. And my uncle! There was the footprint of the hound beside him as he lay. It all fits together. I don't think that I am a coward, Watson, but that sound seemed to freeze my very blood. Feel my hand!
Watson: It was as cold as a block of marble.
Holmes: You'll be all right tomorrow.
Watson: I don't think I'll get that cry out of my head. What do you advise that we do now?
Holmes: Shall we turn back?
Watson: No, by thunder; we have come out to get our man, and we will do it. We after the convict, and a hell-hound, as likely as not, after us. Come on! We'll see it through if all the fiends of the pit were loose upon the moor.
###
Watson: How does she live?
Holmes: I fancy old Frankland allows her a pittance, but it cannot be more, for his own affairs are considerably involved. Whatever she may have deserved one could not allow her to go hopelessly to the bad. Her story got about, and several of the people here did something to enable her to earn an honest living. Stapleton did for one, and Sir Charles for another. I gave a trifle myself. It was to set her up in a typewriting business.
Watson: He wanted to know the object of my inquiries, but I managed to satisfy his curiosity without telling him too much, for there is no reason why we should take anyone into our confidence. To-morrow morning I shall find my way to Coombe Tracey, and if I can see this Mrs. Laura Lyons, of equivocal reputation, a long step will have been made towards clearing one incident in this chain of mysteries. I am certainly developing the wisdom of the serpent, for when Mortimer pressed his questions to an inconvenient extent I asked him casually to what type Frankland's skull belonged, and so heard nothing but craniology for the rest of our drive. I have not lived for years with Sherlock Holmes for nothing.
Watson: I have only one other incident to record upon this tempestuous and melancholy day. This was my conversation with Barrymore just now, which gives me one more strong card which I can play in due time.
Watson: Well, has this precious relation of yours departed, or is he still lurking out yonder?
Barrymore: I don't know, sir. I hope to heaven that he has gone, for he has brought nothing but trouble here! I've not heard of him since I left out food for him last, and that was three days ago.
Watson: Did you see him then?
Barrymore: No, sir, but the food was gone when next I went that way.
Watson: Then he was certainly there?
Barrymore: So you would think, sir, unless it was the other man who took it.
###
Watson: But about this stranger, Can you tell me anything about him? What did Selden say? Did he find out where he hid, or what he was doing?
Holmes: He saw him once or twice, but he is a deep one, and gives nothing away. At first he thought that he was the police, but soon he found that he had some lay of his own. A kind of gentleman he was, as far as he could see, but what he was doing he could not make out.
Watson: And where did he say that he lived?
Holmes: Among the old houses on the hillside--the stone huts where the old folk used to live.
Watson: But how about his food?
Holmes: Selden found out that he has got a lad who works for him and brings him all he needs. I dare say he goes to Coombe Tracey for what he wants.
Watson: Very good, Barrymore. We may talk further of this some other time. When the butler had gone I walked over to the black window, and I looked through a blurred pane at the driving clouds and at the tossing outline of the wind-swept trees. It is a wild night indoors, and what must it be in a stone hut upon the moor. What passion of hatred can it be which leads a man to lurk in such a place at such a time! And what deep and earnest purpose can he have which calls for such a trial! There, in that hut upon the moor, seems to lie the very centre of that problem which has vexed me so sorely. I swear that another day shall not have passed before I have done all that man can do to reach the heart of the mystery.
###
Watson: Then how is it that you did not go?
Holmes: Because I received help in the interval from another source.
Watson: Why then, did you not write to Sir Charles and explain this?
Holmes: So I should have done had I not seen his death in the paper next morning.
###
Holmes: Well! Am I right?
Watson: Certainly, there is a boy who seems to have some secret errand.
Holmes: And what the errand is even a county constable could guess. But not one word shall they have from me, and I bind you to secrecy also, Dr. Watson. Not a word! You understand!
Watson: Just as you wish.
Holmes: They have treated me shamefully--shamefully. When the facts come out in Frankland v. Regina I venture to think that a thrill of indignation will run through the country. Nothing would induce me to help the police in any way. For all they cared it might have been me, instead of my effigy, which these rascals burned at the stake. Surely you are not going! You will help me to empty the decanter in honour of this great occasion!
Watson: But I resisted all his solicitations and succeeded in dissuading him from his announced intention of walking home with me. I kept the road as long as his eye was on me, and then I struck off across the moor and made for the stony hill over which the boy had disappeared. Everything was working in my favour, and I swore that it should not be through lack of energy or perseverance that I should miss the chance which fortune had thrown in my way.
###
Watson: If there was one report there might be others, so I looked round the hut in search of them. There was no trace, however, of anything of the kind, nor could I discover any sign which might indicate the character or intentions of the man who lived in this singular place, save that he must be of Spartan habits and cared little for the comforts of life. When I thought of the heavy rains and looked at the gaping roof I understood how strong and immutable must be the purpose which had kept him in that inhospitable abode. Was he our malignant enemy, or was he by chance our guardian angel? I swore that I would not leave the hut until I knew.
Watson: Outside the sun was sinking low and the west was blazing with scarlet and gold. Its reflection was shot back in ruddy patches by the distant pools which lay amid the great Grimpen Mire. There were the two towers of Baskerville Hall, and there a distant blur of smoke which marked the village of Grimpen. Between the two, behind the hill, was the house of the Stapletons. All was sweet and mellow and peaceful in the golden evening light, and yet as I looked at them my soul shared none of the peace of nature but quivered at the vagueness and the terror of that interview which every instant was bringing nearer. With tingling nerves, but a fixed purpose, I sat in the dark recess of the hut and waited with sombre patience for the coming of its tenant.
Watson: And then at last I heard him. Far away came the sharp clink of a boot striking upon a stone. Then another and yet another, coming nearer and nearer. I shrank back into the darkest corner, and cocked the pistol in my pocket, determined not to discover myself until I had an opportunity of seeing something of the stranger. There was a long pause which showed that he had stopped. Then once more the footsteps approached and a shadow fell across the opening of the hut.
Holmes: It is a lovely evening, my dear Watson, I really think that you will be more comfortable outside than in.
###
Holmes: It is a lovely evening, my dear Watson. I really think that you will be more comfortable outside than in.
Watson: Holmes!
Holmes: Come out, and please be careful with the revolver.
Watson: I never was more glad to see anyone in my life.
Holmes: Or more astonished, eh?
Watson: Well, I must confess to it.
Holmes: The surprise was not all on one side, I assure you. I had no idea that you had found my occasional retreat, still less that you were inside it, until I was within twenty paces of the door.
Watson: My footprint, I presume?
Holmes: No, Watson; I fear that I could not undertake to recognize your footprint amid all the footprints of the world. If you seriously desire to deceive me you must change your tobacconist; for when I see the stub of a cigarette marked Bradley, Oxford Street, I know that my friend Watson is in the neighbourhood. You will see it there beside the path. You threw it down, no doubt, at that supreme moment when you charged into the empty hut.
Watson: Exactly.
###
Watson: Exactly.
Holmes: I thought as much--and knowing your admirable tenacity I was convinced that you were sitting in ambush, a weapon within reach, waiting for the tenant to return. So you actually thought that I was the criminal?
Watson: I did not know who you were, but I was determined to find out.
Holmes: Excellent, Watson! And how did you localize me? You saw me, perhaps, on the night of the convict hunt, when I was so imprudent as to allow the moon to rise behind me?
Watson: Yes, I saw you then.
Holmes: And have no doubt searched all the huts until you came to this one?
Watson: No, your boy had been observed, and that gave me a guide where to look.
Holmes: The old gentleman with the telescope, no doubt. I could not make it out when first I saw the light flashing upon the lens. Ha, I see that Cartwright has brought up some supplies. What's this paper? So you have been to Coombe Tracey, have you?
Watson: Yes.
Holmes: To see Mrs. Laura Lyons?
Watson: Exactly.
Holmes: Well done! Our researches have evidently been running on parallel lines, and when we unite our results I expect we shall have a fairly full knowledge of the case.
Watson: Well, I am glad from my heart that you are here, for indeed the responsibility and the mystery were both becoming too much for my nerves. But how in the name of wonder did you come here, and what have you been doing? I thought that you were in Baker Street working out that case of blackmailing.
Holmes: That was what I wished you to think.
Watson: Then you use me, and yet do not trust me! I cried with some bitterness. I think that I have deserved better at your hands, Holmes.
###
Watson: That was what I wished you to think.
Holmes: Then you use me, and yet do not trust me! I think that I have deserved better at your hands, Holmes.
Watson: My dear fellow, you have been invaluable to me in this as in many other cases, and I beg that you will forgive me if I have seemed to play a trick upon you. In truth, it was partly for your own sake that I did it, and it was my appreciation of the danger which you ran which led me to come down and examine the matter for myself. Had I been with Sir Henry and you it is confident that my point of view would have been the same as yours, and my presence would have warned our very formidable opponents to be on their guard. As it is, I have been able to get about as I could not possibly have done had I been living in the Hall, and I remain an unknown factor in the business, ready to throw in all my weight at a critical moment.
Watson: But why keep me in the dark?
Holmes: For you to know could not have helped us, and might possibly have led to my discovery. You would have wished to tell me something, or in your kindness you would have brought me out some comfort or other, and so an unnecessary risk would be run. I brought Cartwright down with me--you remember the little chap at the express office--and he has seen after my simple wants: a loaf of bread and a clean collar. What does man want more? He has given me an extra pair of eyes upon a very active pair of feet, and both have been invaluable.
Watson: Then my reports have all been wasted! --My voice trembled as I recalled the pains and the pride with which I had composed them.
Holmes: Here are your reports, my dear fellow, and very well thumbed, I assure you. I made excellent arrangements, and they are only delayed one day upon their way. I must compliment you exceedingly upon the zeal and the intelligence which you have shown over an extraordinarily difficult case.
###
Watson: That's better. And now tell me the result of your visit to Mrs. Laura Lyons--it was not difficult for me to guess that it was to see her that you had gone, for I am already aware that she is the one person in Coombe Tracey who might be of service to us in the matter. In fact, if you had not gone today it is exceedingly probable that I should have gone tomorrow.
Holmes: This is most important. It fills up a gap which I had been unable to bridge, in this most complex affair. You are aware, perhaps, that a close intimacy exists between this lady and the man Stapleton?
Watson: I did not know of a close intimacy.
Holmes: There can be no doubt about the matter. They meet, they write, there is a complete understanding between them. Now, this puts a very powerful weapon into our hands. If I could only use it to detach his wife--
Watson: His wife?
Holmes: I am giving you some information now, in return for all that you have given me. The lady who has passed here as Miss Stapleton is in reality his wife.
Watson: Good heavens, Holmes! Are you sure of what you say? How could he have permitted Sir Henry to fall in love with her?
Holmes: Sir Henry's falling in love could do no harm to anyone except Sir Henry. He took particular care that Sir Henry did not make love to her, as you have yourself observed. I repeat that the lady is his wife and not his sister.
Watson: But why this elaborate deception?
###
Watson: But why this elaborate deception?
Holmes: Because he foresaw that she would be very much more useful to him in the character of a free woman.
Watson: It is he, then, who is our enemy--it is he who dogged us in London?
Holmes: So I read the riddle.
Watson: And the warning--it must have come from her!
Holmes: Exactly.
Watson: But are you sure of this, Holmes? How do you know that the woman is his wife?
Holmes: Because he so far forgot himself as to tell you a true piece of autobiography upon the occasion when he first met you, and I dare say he has many a time regretted it since. He was once a schoolmaster in the north of England. Now, there is no one more easy to trace than a schoolmaster. There are scholastic agencies by which one may identify any man who has been in the profession. A little investigation showed me that a school had come to grief under atrocious circumstances, and that the man who had owned it--the name was different--had disappeared with his wife. The descriptions agreed. When I learned that the missing man was devoted to entomology the identification was complete.
Watson: If this woman is in truth his wife, where does Mrs. Laura Lyons come in?
Holmes: That is one of the points upon which your own researches have shed a light. Your interview with the lady has cleared the situation very much. I did not know about a projected divorce between herself and her husband. In that case, regarding Stapleton as an unmarried man, she counted no doubt upon becoming his wife.
Watson: And when she is undeceived?
###
Watson: And when she is undeceived?
Holmes: Why, then we may find the lady of service. It must be our first duty to see her--both of us--tomorrow. Don't you think, Watson, that you are away from your charge rather long? Your place should be at Baskerville Hall.
Watson: One last question, Holmes. Surely there is no need of secrecy between you and me. What is the meaning of it all? What is he after?
Holmes: It is murder, Watson--refined, cold-blooded, deliberate murder. Do not ask me for particulars. My nets are closing upon him, even as his are upon Sir Henry, and with your help he is already almost at my mercy. There is but one danger which can threaten us. It is that he should strike before we are ready to do so. Another day--two at the most--and I have my case complete, but until then guard your charge as closely as ever a fond mother watched her ailing child. Your mission today has justified itself, and yet I could almost wish that you had not left his side. Hark!
Watson: Oh, my God! What is it? What does it mean?
Holmes: Hush! Hush!
Watson: Where is it?
Holmes: There, I think. No, there!
###
Holmes: Where is it? Where is it, Watson?
Watson: There, I think.
Holmes: No, there!
Holmes: The hound! Come, Watson, come! Great heavens, if we are too late!
Holmes: He has beaten us, Watson. We are too late.
Watson: No, no, surely not!
Holmes: Fool that I was to hold my hand. And you, Watson, see what comes of abandoning your charge! But, by Heaven, if the worst has happened, we'll avenge him!
Holmes: Can you see anything?
Watson: Nothing.
Watson: But, hark, what is that?
###
Watson: Can you see anything?
Holmes: Nothing.
Watson: But, hark, what is that?
Watson: The brute! the brute! Oh Holmes, I shall never forgive myself for having left him to his fate.
Holmes: I am more to blame than you, Watson. In order to have my case well rounded and complete, I have thrown away the life of my client. It is the greatest blow which has befallen me in my career. But how could I know--how could I know--that he would risk his life alone upon the moor in the face of all my warnings?
###
Watson: That we should have heard his screams--my God, those screams!--and yet have been unable to save him! Where is this brute of a hound which drove him to his death? It may be lurking among these rocks at this instant. And Stapleton, where is he? He shall answer for this deed.
Holmes: He shall. I will see to that. Uncle and nephew have been murdered--the one frightened to death by the very sight of a beast which he thought to be supernatural, the other driven to his end in his wild flight to escape from it. But now we have to prove the connection between the man and the beast. Save from what we heard, we cannot even swear to the existence of the latter, since Sir Henry has evidently died from the fall. But, by heavens, cunning as he is, the fellow shall be in my power before another day is past!
Watson: Why should we not seize him at once?
Holmes: Our case is not complete. The fellow is wary and cunning to the last degree. It is not what we know, but what we can prove. If we make one false move the villain may escape us yet.
Watson: What can we do?
Holmes: There will be plenty for us to do to-morrow. To-night we can only perform the last offices to our poor friend.
Watson: Together we made our way down the precipitous slope and approached the body, black and clear against the silvered stones. The agony of those contorted limbs struck me with a spasm of pain and blurred my eyes with tears.
###
Watson: We must send for help, Holmes! We cannot carry him all the way to the Hall. Good heavens, are you mad?
Holmes: A beard! A beard! The man has a beard!
Watson: A beard?
Holmes: It is not the baronet--it is--why, it is my neighbour, the convict!
Watson: Then the clothes have been the poor devil's death. It is clear enough that the hound has been laid on from some article of Sir Henry's--the boot which was abstracted in the hotel, in all probability--and so ran this man down. There is one very singular thing, however: How came Selden, in the darkness, to know that the hound was on his trail?
Holmes: He heard him. To hear a hound upon the moor would not work a hard man like this convict into such a paroxysm of terror that he would risk recapture by screaming wildly for help. By his cries he must have run a long way after he knew the animal was on his track. How did he know?
###
Holmes: A greater mystery to me is why this hound, presuming that all our conjectures are correct--
Watson: I presume nothing.
Holmes: Well, then, why this hound should be loose to-night. I suppose that it does not always run loose upon the moor. Stapleton would not let it go unless he had reason to think that Sir Henry would be there.
Watson: My difficulty is the more formidable of the two, for I think that we shall very shortly get an explanation of yours, while mine may remain forever a mystery. The question now is, what shall we do with this poor wretch's body? We cannot leave it here to the foxes and the ravens.
Holmes: I suggest that we put it in one of the huts until we can communicate with the police.
Watson: Exactly. I have no doubt that you and I could carry it so far. Halloa, Watson, what's this? It's the man himself, by all that's wonderful and audacious! Not a word to show your suspicions--not a word, or my plans crumble to the ground.
Stapleton: Why, Dr. Watson, that's not you, is it? You are the last man that I should have expected to see out on the moor at this time of night. But, dear me, what's this? Somebody hurt? Not--don't tell me that it is our friend Sir Henry!
Stapleton: Who-who's this?
Holmes: It is Selden, the man who escaped from Princetown.
Stapleton: Dear me! What a very shocking affair! How did he die?
Holmes: He appears to have broken his neck by falling over these rocks. My friend and I were strolling on the moor when we heard a cry.
Stapleton: I heard a cry also. That was what brought me out. I was uneasy about Sir Henry.
###
Watson: He appears to have broken his neck by falling over these rocks. My friend and I were strolling on the moor when we heard a cry.
Stapleton: I heard a cry also. That was what brought me out. I was uneasy about Sir Henry.
Watson: Why about Sir Henry in particular?
Stapleton: Because I had suggested that he should come over. When he did not come I was surprised, and I naturally became alarmed for his safety when I heard cries upon the moor. By the way, did you hear anything else besides a cry?
Holmes: No, did you?
Stapleton: No. What do you mean, then? Oh, you know the stories that the peasants tell about a phantom hound, and so on. It is said to be heard at night upon the moor. I was wondering if there were any evidence of such a sound to-night.
Watson: We heard nothing of the kind.
Watson: And what is your theory of this poor fellow's death?
Stapleton: I have no doubt that anxiety and exposure have driven him off his head. He has rushed about the moor in a crazy state and eventually fallen over here and broken his neck.
Stapleton: That seems the most reasonable theory. What do you think about it, Mr. Sherlock Holmes?
Holmes: You are quick at identification. We have been expecting you in these parts since Dr. Watson came down. You are in time to see a tragedy.
Holmes: Yes, indeed. I have no doubt that my friend's explanation will cover the facts. I will take an unpleasant remembrance back to London with me tomorrow.
Stapleton: Oh, you return tomorrow?
Holmes: That is my intention.
Stapleton: I hope your visit has cast some light upon those occurrences which have puzzled us?
Holmes: One cannot always have the success for which one hopes. An investigator needs facts, and not legends or rumours. It has not been a satisfactory case.
###
Stapleton: I would suggest carrying this poor fellow to my house, but it would give my sister such a fright that I do not feel justified in doing it. I think that if we put something over his face he will be safe until morning.
Holmes: We're at close grips at last. What a nerve the fellow has! How he pulled himself together in the face of what must have been a paralyzing shock when he found that the wrong man had fallen a victim to his plot. I told you in London, Watson, and I tell you now again, that we have never had a foeman more worthy of our steel.
Watson: I am sorry that he has seen you.
Holmes: And so was I at first. But there was no getting out of it.
Watson: What effect do you think it will have upon his plans now that he knows you are here?
Holmes: It may cause him to be more cautious, or it may drive him to desperate measures at once. Like most clever criminals, he may be too confident in his own cleverness and imagine that he has completely deceived us.
Watson: Why should we not arrest him at once?
Holmes: My dear Watson, you were born to be a man of action. Your instinct is always to do something energetic. But supposing, for argument's sake, that we had him arrested to-night, what on earth the better off should we be for that? We could prove nothing against him. There's the devilish cunning of it! If he were acting through a human agent we could get some evidence, but if we were to drag this great dog to the light of day it would not help us in putting a rope round the neck of its master.
###
Watson: Surely we have a case.
Holmes: Not a shadow of one--only surmise and conjecture. We should be laughed out of court if we came with such a story and such evidence.
Watson: There is Sir Charles's death.
Holmes: Found dead without a mark upon him. You and I know that he died of sheer fright, and we know also what frightened him; but how are we to get twelve stolid jurymen to know it? What signs are there of a hound? Where are the marks of its fangs? Of course we know that a hound does not bite a dead body and that Sir Charles was dead before ever the brute overtook him. But we have to prove all this, and we are not in a position to do it.
Watson: Well, then, tonight?
Holmes: We are not much better off tonight. Again, there was no direct connection between the hound and the man's death. We never saw the hound. We heard it; but we could not prove that it was running upon this man's trail. There is a complete absence of motive. No, my dear fellow; we must reconcile ourselves to the fact that we have no case at present, and that it is worth our while to run any risk in order to establish one.
Watson: And how do you propose to do so?
Holmes: I have great hopes of what Mrs. Laura Lyons may do for us when the position of affairs is made clear to her. And I have my own plan as well. Sufficient for tomorrow is the evil thereof; but I hope before the day is past to have the upper hand at last.
Watson: Are you coming up?
Holmes: Yes; I see no reason for further concealment. But one last word, Watson. Say nothing of the hound to Sir Henry. Let him think that Selden's death was as Stapleton would have us believe. He will have a better nerve for the ordeal which he will have to undergo tomorrow, when he is engaged, if I remember your report aright, to dine with these people.
Watson: And so am I.
Holmes: Then you must excuse yourself and he must go alone. That will be easily arranged. And now, if we are too late for dinner, I think that we are both ready for our suppers.
###
Watson: And so am I.
Holmes: Then you must excuse yourself and he must go alone. That will be easily arranged. And now, if we are too late for dinner, I think that we are both ready for our suppers.
Sir Henry: I've been moping in the house all day since Watson went off in the morning. I guess I should have some credit, for I have kept my promise. If I hadn't sworn not to go about alone I might have had a more lively evening, for I had a message from Stapleton asking me over there.
Holmes: I have no doubt that you would have had a more lively evening. By the way, I don't suppose you appreciate that we have been mourning over you as having broken your neck?
Sir Henry: How was that?
Holmes: This poor wretch was dressed in your clothes. I fear your servant who gave them to him may get into trouble with the police.
Sir Henry: That is unlikely. There was no mark on any of them, as far as I know.
###
Watson: How was that?
Holmes: This poor wretch was dressed in your clothes. I fear your servant who gave them to him may get into trouble with the police.
Sir Henry: That is unlikely. There was no mark on any of them, as far as I know.
Holmes: That's lucky for him--in fact, it's lucky for all of you, since you are all on the wrong side of the law in this matter. I am not sure that as a conscientious detective my first duty is not to arrest the whole household. Watson's reports are most incriminating documents.
Sir Henry: But how about the case? Have you made anything out of the tangle? I don't know that Watson and I are much the wiser since we came down.
Holmes: I think that I shall be in a position to make the situation rather more clear to you before long. It has been an exceedingly difficult and most complicated business. There are several points upon which we still want light--but it is coming all the same.
Sir Henry: We've had one experience, as Watson has no doubt told you. We heard the hound on the moor, so I can swear that it is not all empty superstition. I had something to do with dogs when I was out West, and I know one when I hear one. If you can muzzle that one and put him on a chain I'll be ready to swear you are the greatest detective of all time.
Holmes: I think I will muzzle him and chain him all right if you will give me your help.
Sir Henry: Whatever you tell me to do I will do.
Holmes: Very good; and I will ask you also to do it blindly, without always asking the reason.
Sir Henry: Just as you like.
Holmes: If you will do this I think the chances are that our little problem will soon be solved. I have no doubt--
Holmes: He stopped suddenly and stared fixedly up over my head into the air. The lamp beat upon his face, and so intent was it and so still that it might have been that of a clear-cut classical statue, a personification of alertness and expectation.
All: What is it?
###
Watson: What is it?
Holmes: Excuse the admiration of a connoisseur. Watson won't allow that I know anything of art, but that is mere jealousy, because our views upon the subject differ. Now, these are a really very fine series of portraits.
Sir Henry: Well, I'm glad to hear you say so. I don't pretend to know much about these things, and I'd be a better judge of a horse or a steer than of a picture. I didn't know that you found time for such things.
Holmes: I know what is good when I see it, and I see it now. That's a Kneller, I'll swear, that lady in the blue silk over yonder, and the stout gentleman with the wig ought to be a Reynolds. They are all family portraits, I presume?
Sir Henry: Every one. Do you know the names?
Holmes: Barrymore has been coaching me in them, and I think I can say my lessons fairly well. Who is the gentleman with the telescope?
Sir Henry: That is Rear-Admiral Baskerville, who served under Rodney in the West Indies. The man with the blue coat and the roll of paper is Sir William Baskerville, who was Chairman of Committees of the House of Commons under Pitt. And this Cavalier opposite to me--the one with the black velvet and the lace?
Holmes: Ah, you have a right to know about him. That is the cause of all the mischief, the wicked Hugo, who started the Hound of the Baskervilles. We're not likely to forget him.
Holmes: Dear me! he seems a quiet, meek-mannered man enough, but I dare say that there was a lurking devil in his eyes. I had pictured him as a more robust and ruffianly person. There's no doubt about the authenticity, for the name and the date, 1647, are on the back of the canvas.
###
Holmes: There's no doubt about the authenticity, for the name and the date, 1647, are on the back of the canvas.
Holmes: Do you see anything there?
Watson: Is it like anyone you know?
Holmes: There is something of Sir Henry about the jaw. Just a suggestion, perhaps. But wait an instant!
Watson: Good heavens!
Holmes: Ha, you see it now. My eyes have been trained to examine faces and not their trimmings. It is the first quality of a criminal investigator that he should see through a disguise.
Watson: But this is marvellous. It might be his portrait.
Holmes: Yes, it is an interesting instance of a throwback, which appears to be both physical and spiritual. A study of family portraits is enough to convert a man to the doctrine of reincarnation. The fellow is a Baskerville--that is evident.
Holmes: With designs upon the succession.
###
Holmes: With designs upon the succession.
Watson: Exactly. This chance of the picture has supplied us with one of our most obvious missing links. We have him, Watson, we have him, and I dare swear that before to-morrow night he will be fluttering in our net as helpless as one of his own butterflies. A pin, a cork, and a card, and we add him to the Baker Street collection!
Watson: I was up betimes in the morning, but Holmes was afoot earlier still, for I saw him as I dressed, coming up the drive.
Holmes: Yes, we should have a full day to-day. The nets are all in place, and the drag is about to begin. We'll know before the day is out whether we have caught our big, lean-jawed pike, or whether he has got through the meshes.
Watson: Have you been on the moor already?
Holmes: I have sent a report from Grimpen to Princetown as to the death of Selden. I think I can promise that none of you will be troubled in the matter. And I have also communicated with my faithful Cartwright, who would certainly have pined away at the door of my hut, as a dog does at his master's grave, if I had not set his mind at rest about my safety.
Watson: What is the next move?
Holmes: To see Sir Henry. Ah, here he is!
Sir Henry: Good morning, Holmes. You look like a general who is planning a battle with his chief of the staff.
Holmes: That is the exact situation. Watson was asking for orders.
Sir Henry: And so do I.
Holmes: Very good. You are engaged, as I understand, to dine with our friends the Stapletons to-night.
Sir Henry: I hope that you will come also. They are very hospitable people, and I am sure that they would be very glad to see you.
Holmes: I fear that Watson and I must go to London.
Sir Henry: To London?
Holmes: Yes, I think that we should be more useful there at the present juncture.
Sir Henry: The baronet's face perceptibly lengthened.
###
Holmes: I fear that Watson and I must go to London.
Watson: To London?
Holmes: Yes, I think that we should be more useful there at the present juncture.
Baronet: I hoped that you were going to see me through this business. The Hall and the moor are not very pleasant places when one is alone.
Holmes: My dear fellow, you must trust me implicitly and do exactly what I tell you. You can tell your friends that we should have been happy to have come with you, but that urgent business required us to be in town. We hope very soon to return to Devonshire. Will you remember to give them that message?
Baronet: If you insist upon it.
Holmes: There is no alternative, I assure you.
Baronet: When do you desire to go?
Holmes: Immediately after breakfast. We will drive in to Coombe Tracey, but Watson will leave his things as a pledge that he will come back to you. Watson, you will send a note to Stapleton to tell him that you regret that you cannot come.
Baronet: I have a good mind to go to London with you. Why should I stay here alone?
Holmes: Because it is your post of duty. Because you gave me your word that you would do as you were told, and I tell you to stay.
Baronet: All right, then, I'll stay.
Holmes: One more direction! I wish you to drive to Merripit House. Send back your trap, however, and let them know that you intend to walk home.
Baronet: To walk across the moor?
Holmes: Yes.
Baronet: But that is the very thing which you have so often cautioned me not to do.
Holmes: This time you may do it with safety. If I had not every confidence in your nerve and courage I would not suggest it, but it is essential that you should do it.
Baronet: Then I will do it.
Holmes: And as you value your life do not go across the moor in any direction save along the straight path which leads from Merripit House to the Grimpen Road, and is your natural way home.
Baronet: I will do just what you say.
###
Holmes: Then I will do it.
Holmes: And as you value your life do not go across the moor in any direction save along the straight path which leads from Merripit House to the Grimpen Road, and is your natural way home.
Watson: I will do just what you say.
Holmes: Very good. I should be glad to get away as soon after breakfast as possible, so as to reach London in the afternoon.
Watson: Any orders, sir?
Holmes: You will take this train to town, Cartwright. The moment you arrive you will send a wire to Sir Henry Baskerville, in my name, to say that if he finds the pocket-book which I have dropped he is to send it by registered post to Baker Street.
Cartwright: Yes, sir.
Holmes: And ask at the station office if there is a message for me.
Watson: That is in answer to mine of this morning. He is the best of the professionals, I think, and we may need his assistance. Now, Watson, I think that we cannot employ our time better than by calling upon your acquaintance, Mrs. Laura Lyons.
###
Holmes: That is in answer to mine of this morning. He is the best of the professionals, I think, and we may need his assistance. Now, Watson, I think that we cannot employ our time better than by calling upon your acquaintance, Mrs. Laura Lyons.
Watson: His plan of campaign was beginning to be evident. He would use the baronet in order to convince the Stapletons that we were really gone, while we should actually return at the instant when we were likely to be needed. That telegram from London, if mentioned by Sir Henry to the Stapletons, must remove the last suspicions from their minds. Already I seemed to see our nets drawing closer around that lean-jawed pike.
Holmes: I am investigating the circumstances which attended the death of the late Sir Charles Baskerville. My friend here, Dr. Watson, has informed me of what you have communicated, and also of what you have withheld in connection with that matter.
Lyons: What have I withheld? she asked defiantly.
Holmes: You have confessed that you asked Sir Charles to be at the gate at ten o'clock. We know that that was the place and hour of his death. You have withheld what the connection is between these events.
Lyons: There is no connection.
Holmes: In that case the coincidence must indeed be an extraordinary one. But I think that we shall succeed in establishing a connection after all. I wish to be perfectly frank with you, Mrs. Lyons. We regard this case as one of murder, and the evidence may implicate not only your friend Mr. Stapleton, but his wife as well.
Lyons: His wife! she cried.
Holmes: The fact is no longer a secret. The person who has passed for his sister is really his wife.
Lyons: His wife! she said again. "His wife! He is not a married man."
###
Mrs. Lyons: His wife! His wife! He is not a married man.
Holmes: Prove it to me! Prove it to me! And if you can do so--!
Holmes: I have come prepared to do so. Here is a photograph of the couple taken in York four years ago. It is indorsed 'Mr. and Mrs. Vandeleur,' but you will have no difficulty in recognizing him, and her also, if you know her by sight. Here are three written descriptions by trustworthy witnesses of Mr. and Mrs. Vandeleur, who at that time kept St. Oliver's private school. Read them and see if you can doubt the identity of these people.
Mrs. Lyons: Mr. Holmes, this man had offered me marriage on condition that I could get a divorce from my husband. He has lied to me, the villain, in every conceivable way. Not one word of truth has he ever told me. And why--why? I imagined that all was for my own sake. But now I see that I was never anything but a tool in his hands. Why should I preserve faith with him who never kept any with me? Why should I try to shield him from the consequences of his own wicked acts? Ask me what you like, and there is nothing which I shall hold back. One thing I swear to you, and that is that when I wrote the letter I never dreamed of any harm to the old gentleman, who had been my kindest friend.
Holmes: I entirely believe you, madam. The recital of these events must be very painful to you, and perhaps it will make it easier if I tell you what occurred, and you can check me if I make any material mistake. The sending of this letter was suggested to you by Stapleton?
Mrs. Lyons: He dictated it.
###
Holmes: He dictated it.
Watson: I presume that the reason he gave was that you would receive help from Sir Charles for the legal expenses connected with your divorce?
Mrs. Lyons: Exactly.
Watson: And then after you had sent the letter he dissuaded you from keeping the appointment?
Mrs. Lyons: He told me that it would hurt his self-respect that any other man should find the money for such an object, and that though he was a poor man himself he would devote his last penny to removing the obstacles which divided us.
Holmes: He appears to be a very consistent character. And then you heard nothing until you read the reports of the death in the paper?
Mrs. Lyons: No.
Watson: And he made you swear to say nothing about your appointment with Sir Charles?
Mrs. Lyons: He did. He said that the death was a very mysterious one, and that I should certainly be suspected if the facts came out. He frightened me into remaining silent.
Holmes: Quite so. But you had your suspicions?
Mrs. Lyons: I knew him. But if he had kept faith with me I should always have done so with him.
Holmes: I think that on the whole you have had a fortunate escape. You have had him in your power and he knew it, and yet you are alive. You have been walking for some months very near to the edge of a precipice. We must wish you good-morning now, Mrs. Lyons, and it is probable that you will very shortly hear from us again.
###
Holmes: Our case becomes rounded off, and difficulty after difficulty thins away in front of us. I shall soon be in the position of being able to put into a single connected narrative one of the most singular and sensational crimes of modern times. Students of criminology will remember the analogous incidents in Godno, in Little Russia, in the year '66, and of course there are the Anderson murders in North Carolina, but this case possesses some features which are entirely its own. Even now we have no clear case against this very wily man. But I shall be very much surprised if it is not clear enough before we go to bed this night.
Holmes: The biggest thing for years. We have two hours before we need think of starting. I think we might employ it in getting some dinner and then, Lestrade, we will take the London fog out of your throat by giving you a breath of the pure night air of Dartmoor. Never been there? Ah, well, I don't suppose you will forget your first visit.
Lestrade: Anything good?
###
Watson: One of Sherlock Holmes's defects--if, indeed, one may call it a defect--was that he was exceedingly loath to communicate his full plans to any other person until the instant of their fulfilment. Partly it came no doubt from his own masterful nature, which loved to dominate and surprise those who were around him. Partly also from his professional caution, which urged him never to take any chances. The result, however, was very trying for those who were acting as his agents and assistants. I had often suffered under it, but never more so than during that long drive in the darkness. The great ordeal was in front of us; at last we were about to make our final effort, and yet Holmes had said nothing, and I could only surmise what his course of action would be. My nerves thrilled with anticipation when at last the cold wind upon our faces and the dark, void spaces on either side of the narrow road told me that we were back upon the moor once again. Every stride of the horses and every turn of the wheels was taking us nearer to our supreme adventure.
Watson: Our conversation was hampered by the presence of the driver of the hired wagonette, so that we were forced to talk of trivial matters when our nerves were tense with emotion and anticipation. It was a relief to me, after that unnatural restraint, when we at last passed Frankland's house and knew that we were drawing near to the Hall and to the scene of action. We did not drive up to the door but got down near the gate of the avenue. The wagonette was paid off and ordered to return to Coombe Tracey forthwith, while we started to walk to Merripit House.
Holmes: Are you armed, Lestrade?
Lestrade: As long as I have my trousers I have a hip-pocket, and as long as I have my hip-pocket I have something in it.
Holmes: Good! My friend and I are also ready for emergencies.
Lestrade: You're mighty close about this affair, Mr. Holmes. What's the game now?
Holmes: A waiting game.
###
Holmes: Good! My friend and I are also ready for emergencies.
Lestrade: You're mighty close about this affair, Mr. Holmes. What's the game now?
Holmes: A waiting game.
Detective: My word, it does not seem a very cheerful place. I see the lights of a house ahead of us. That is Merripit House and the end of our journey. I must request you to walk on tiptoe and not to talk above a whisper.
Holmes: This will do. These rocks upon the right make an admirable screen. We are to wait here?
Holmes: Yes, we shall make our little ambush here. Get into this hollow, Lestrade. You have been inside the house, have you not, Watson? Can you tell the position of the rooms? What are those latticed windows at this end?
Watson: I think they are the kitchen windows.
Holmes: And the one beyond, which shines so brightly?
Watson: That is certainly the dining-room.
Holmes: The blinds are up. You know the lie of the land best. Creep forward quietly and see what they are doing--but for heaven's sake don't let them know that they are watched!
###
Watson: You say, Watson, that the lady is not there?
Holmes: No.
Watson: Where can she be, then, since there is no light in any other room except the kitchen?
Holmes: I cannot think where she is.
Holmes: It's moving towards us, Watson.
Watson: Is that serious?
Holmes: Very serious, indeed--the one thing upon earth which could have disarranged my plans. He can't be very long, now. It is already ten o'clock. Our success and even his life may depend upon his coming out before the fog is over the path.
###
Holmes: Is that serious?
Watson: Very serious, indeed--the one thing upon earth which could have disarranged my plans. He can't be very long, now. It is already ten o'clock. Our success and even his life may depend upon his coming out before the fog is over the path.
Watson: Shall we move farther back upon higher ground?
Holmes: Yes, I think it would be as well.
###
Holmes: Yes, I think it would be as well.
Holmes: We are going too far. We dare not take the chance of his being overtaken before he can reach us. At all costs we must hold our ground where we are. Thank God, I think that I hear him coming.
Holmes: Hist! Look out! It's coming!
###
Holmes: Hist! Look out! It's coming!
Narrator: There was a thin, crisp, continuous patter from somewhere in the heart of that crawling bank. The cloud was within fifty yards of where we lay, and we glared at it, all three, uncertain what horror was about to break from the heart of it. I was at Holmes's elbow, and I glanced for an instant at his face. It was pale and exultant, his eyes shining brightly in the moonlight. But suddenly they started forward in a rigid, fixed stare, and his lips parted in amazement. At the same instant Lestrade gave a yell of terror and threw himself face downward upon the ground. I sprang to my feet, my inert hand grasping my pistol, my mind paralyzed by the dreadful shape which had sprung out upon us from the shadows of the fog.
Narrator: With long bounds the huge black creature was leaping down the track, following hard upon the footsteps of our friend. So paralyzed were we by the apparition that we allowed him to pass before we had recovered our nerve. Then Holmes and I both fired together, and the creature gave a hideous howl, which showed that one at least had hit him. He did not pause, however, but bounded onward. Far away on the path we saw Sir Henry looking back, his face white in the moonlight, his hands raised in horror, glaring helplessly at the frightful thing which was hunting him down.
###
Watson: But that cry of pain from the hound had blown all our fears to the winds. If he was vulnerable he was mortal, and if we could wound him we could kill him. Never have I seen a man run as Holmes ran that night. I am reckoned fleet of foot, but he outpaced me as much as I outpaced the little professional. In front of us as we flew up the track we heard scream after scream from Sir Henry and the deep roar of the hound. I was in time to see the beast spring upon its victim, hurl him to the ground, and worry at his throat. But the next instant Holmes had emptied five barrels of his revolver into the creature's flank. With a last howl of agony and a vicious snap in the air, it rolled upon its back, four feet pawing furiously, and then fell limp upon its side. I stooped, panting, and pressed my pistol to the dreadful, shimmering head, but it was useless to press the trigger. The giant hound was dead.
Watson: Sir Henry lay insensible where he had fallen. We tore away his collar, and Holmes breathed a prayer of gratitude when we saw that there was no sign of a wound and that the rescue had been in time. Already our friend's eyelids shivered and he made a feeble effort to move. Lestrade thrust his brandy-flask between the baronet's teeth, and two frightened eyes were looking up at us.
Sir Henry: My God! What was it? What, in heaven's name, was it?
Holmes: It's dead, whatever it is. We've laid the family ghost once and forever.
Watson: In mere size and strength it was a terrible creature which was lying stretched before us. It was not a pure bloodhound and it was not a pure mastiff; but it appeared to be a combination of the two--gaunt, savage, and as large as a small lioness. Even now, in the stillness of death, the huge jaws seemed to be dripping with a bluish flame and the small, deep-set, cruel eyes were ringed with fire. I placed my hand upon the glowing muzzle, and as I held them up my own fingers smouldered and gleamed in the darkness.
Watson: Phosphorus, I said.
###
Watson: Phosphorus.
Holmes: A cunning preparation of it. There is no smell which might have interfered with his power of scent. We owe you a deep apology, Sir Henry, for having exposed you to this fright. I was prepared for a hound, but not for such a creature as this. And the fog gave us little time to receive him.
Sir Henry: You have saved my life.
Holmes: Having first endangered it. Are you strong enough to stand?
Sir Henry: Give me another mouthful of that brandy and I shall be ready for anything. So! Now, if you will help me up. What do you propose to do?
Holmes: To leave you here. You are not fit for further adventures tonight. If you will wait, one or other of us will go back with you to the Hall.
Holmes: We must leave you now. The rest of our work must be done, and every moment is of importance. We have our case, and now we only want our man.
Holmes: It's a thousand to one against our finding him at the house. Those shots must have told him that the game was up.
Watson: We were some distance off, and this fog may have deadened them.
Holmes: He followed the hound to call him off--of that you may be certain. No, no, he's gone by this time! But we'll search the house and make sure.
Holmes: The front door was open, so we rushed in and hurried from room to room to the amazement of a doddering old manservant, who met us in the passage. There was no light save in the dining-room, but Holmes caught up the lamp and left no corner of the house unexplored. No sign could we see of the man whom we were chasing. On the upper floor, however, one of the bedroom doors was locked.
Lestrade: There's someone in here. I can hear a movement. Open this door!
###
Lestrade: There's someone in here, I can hear a movement. Open this door!
Holmes: The brute! Here, Lestrade, your brandy-bottle! Put her in the chair! She has fainted from ill-usage and exhaustion.
Mrs. Stapleton: Is he safe? Has he escaped?
Holmes: He cannot escape us, madam.
Mrs. Stapleton: No, no, I did not mean my husband. Sir Henry? Is he safe?
Holmes: Yes.
Mrs. Stapleton: And the hound?
Holmes: It is dead.
###
Lady: Is he safe? Has he escaped?
Holmes: He cannot escape us, madam.
Lady: No, no, I did not mean my husband. Sir Henry? Is he safe?
Holmes: Yes.
Lady: And the hound?
Holmes: It is dead.
Lady: Thank God! Thank God! Oh, this villain! See how he has treated me! But this is nothing--nothing! It is my mind and soul that he has tortured and defiled. I could endure it all, ill-usage, solitude, a life of deception, everything, as long as I could still cling to the hope that I had his love, but now I know that in this also I have been his dupe and his tool.
Lady: You bear him no good will, madam. Tell us then where we shall find him. If you have ever aided him in evil, help us now and so atone.
Lady: There is but one place where he can have fled. There is an old tin mine on an island in the heart of the mire. It was there that he kept his hound and there also he had made preparations so that he might have a refuge. That is where he would fly.
Holmes: See. No one could find his way into the Grimpen Mire to-night.
Lady: He may find his way in, but never out. How can he see the guiding wands to-night? We planted them together, he and I, to mark the pathway through the mire. Oh, if I could only have plucked them out to-day. Then indeed you would have had him at your mercy!
###
Holmes: It is worth a mud bath. It is our friend Sir Henry's missing boot.
Watson: Thrown there by Stapleton in his flight.
###
Holmes: It is worth a mud bath. It is our friend Sir Henry's missing boot.
Watson: Thrown there by Stapleton in his flight.
Holmes: Exactly. He retained it in his hand after using it to set the hound upon the track. He fled when he knew the game was up, still clutching it. And he hurled it away at this point of his flight. We know at least that he came so far in safety.
Watson: But more than that we were never destined to know, though there was much which we might surmise. There was no chance of finding footsteps in the mire, for the rising mud oozed swiftly in upon them, but as we at last reached firmer ground beyond the morass we all looked eagerly for them. But no slightest sign of them ever met our eyes. If the earth told a true story, then Stapleton never reached that island of refuge towards which he struggled through the fog upon that last night. Somewhere in the heart of the great Grimpen Mire, down in the foul slime of the huge morass which had sucked him in, this cold and cruel-hearted man is forever buried.
Watson: Many traces we found of him in the bog-girt island where he had hid his savage ally. A huge driving-wheel and a shaft half-filled with rubbish showed the position of an abandoned mine. Beside it were the crumbling remains of the cottages of the miners, driven away no doubt by the foul reek of the surrounding swamp. In one of these a staple and chain with a quantity of gnawed bones showed where the animal had been confined. A skeleton with a tangle of brown hair adhering to it lay among the debris.
###
Holmes: A dog! By Jove, a curly-haired spaniel. Poor Mortimer will never see his pet again. Well, I do not know that this place contains any secret which we have not already fathomed. He could hide his hound, but he could not hush its voice, and hence came those cries which even in daylight were not pleasant to hear. On an emergency he could keep the hound in the out-house at Merripit, but it was always a risk, and it was only on the supreme day, which he regarded as the end of all his efforts, that he dared do it. This paste in the tin is no doubt the luminous mixture with which the creature was daubed. It was suggested, of course, by the story of the family hell-hound, and by the desire to frighten old Sir Charles to death. No wonder the poor devil of a convict ran and screamed, even as our friend did, and as we ourselves might have done, when he saw such a creature bounding through the darkness of the moor upon his track. It was a cunning device, for, apart from the chance of driving your victim to his death, what peasant would venture to inquire too closely into such a creature should he get sight of it, as many have done, upon the moor? I said it in London, Watson, and I say it again now, that never yet have we helped to hunt down a more dangerous man than he who is lying yonder--he swept his long arm towards the huge mottled expanse of green-splotched bog which stretched away until it merged into the russet slopes of the moor.
###
Watson: It was the end of November and Holmes and I sat, upon a raw and foggy night, on either side of a blazing fire in our sitting-room in Baker Street. Since the tragic upshot of our visit to Devonshire he had been engaged in two affairs of the utmost importance, in the first of which he had exposed the atrocious conduct of Colonel Upwood in connection with the famous card scandal of the Nonpareil Club, while in the second he had defended the unfortunate Mme. Montpensier from the charge of murder which hung over her in connection with the death of her step-daughter, Mlle. Carere, the young lady who, as it will be remembered, was found six months later alive and married in New York. My friend was in excellent spirits over the success which had attended a succession of difficult and important cases, so that I was able to induce him to discuss the details of the Baskerville mystery. I had waited patiently for the opportunity, for I was aware that he would never permit cases to overlap, and that his clear and logical mind would not be drawn from its present work to dwell upon memories of the past. Sir Henry and Dr. Mortimer were, however, in London, on their way to that long voyage which had been recommended for the restoration of his shattered nerves. They had called upon us that very afternoon, so that it was natural that the subject should come up for discussion.
Holmes: The whole course of events, from the point of view of the man who called himself Stapleton was simple and direct, although to us, who had no means in the beginning of knowing the motives of his actions and could only learn part of the facts, it all appeared exceedingly complex. I have had the advantage of two conversations with Mrs. Stapleton, and the case has now been so entirely cleared up that I am not aware that there is anything which has remained a secret to us. You will find a few notes upon the matter under the heading B in my indexed list of cases.
###
Holmes: Perhaps you would kindly give me a sketch of the course of events from memory.
Watson: Certainly, though I cannot guarantee that I carry all the facts in my mind. Intense mental concentration has a curious way of blotting out what has passed. The barrister who has his case at his fingers' ends, and is able to argue with an expert upon his own subject finds that a week or two of the courts will drive it all out of his head once more. So each of my cases displaces the last, and Mlle. Carere has blurred my recollection of Baskerville Hall. To-morrow some other little problem may be submitted to my notice which will in turn dispossess the fair French lady and the infamous Upwood. So far as the case of the Hound goes, however, I will give you the course of events as nearly as I can, and you will suggest anything which I may have forgotten.
###
Holmes: My inquiries show beyond all question that the family portrait did not lie, and that this fellow was indeed a Baskerville. He was a son of that Rodger Baskerville, the younger brother of Sir Charles, who fled with a sinister reputation to South America, where he was said to have died unmarried. He did, as a matter of fact, marry, and had one child, this fellow, whose real name is the same as his father's. He married Beryl Garcia, one of the beauties of Costa Rica, and, having purloined a considerable sum of public money, he changed his name to Vandeleur and fled to England, where he established a school in the east of Yorkshire. His reason for attempting this special line of business was that he had struck up an acquaintance with a consumptive tutor upon the voyage home, and that he had used this man's ability to make the undertaking a success. Fraser, the tutor, died however, and the school which had begun well sank from disrepute into infamy. The Vandeleurs found it convenient to change their name to Stapleton, and he brought the remains of his fortune, his schemes for the future, and his taste for entomology to the south of England. I learned at the British Museum that he was a recognized authority upon the subject, and that the name of Vandeleur has been permanently attached to a certain moth which he had, in his Yorkshire days, been the first to describe.
###
Holmes: So much for the death of Sir Charles Baskerville. You perceive the devilish cunning of it, for really it would be almost impossible to make a case against the real murderer. His only accomplice was one who could never give him away, and the grotesque, inconceivable nature of the device only served to make it more effective. Both of the women concerned in the case, Mrs. Stapleton and Mrs. Laura Lyons, were left with a strong suspicion against Stapleton. Mrs. Stapleton knew that he had designs upon the old man, and also of the existence of the hound. Mrs. Lyons knew neither of these things, but had been impressed by the death occurring at the time of an uncancelled appointment which was only known to him. However, both of them were under his influence, and he had nothing to fear from them. The first half of his task was successfully accomplished but the more difficult still remained.
###
Watson: We had an example of his readiness of resource that morning when he got away from us so successfully, and also of his audacity in sending back my own name to me through the cabman. From that moment he understood that I had taken over the case in London, and that therefore there was no chance for him there. He returned to Dartmoor and awaited the arrival of the baronet.
Watson: One moment! You have, no doubt, described the sequence of events correctly, but there is one point which you have left unexplained. What became of the hound when its master was in London?
Holmes: I have given some attention to this matter and it is undoubtedly of importance. There can be no question that Stapleton had a confidant, though it is unlikely that he ever placed himself in his power by sharing all his plans with him. There was an old manservant at Merripit House, whose name was Anthony. His connection with the Stapletons can be traced for several years, as far back as the schoolmastering days, so that he must have been aware that his master and mistress were really husband and wife. This man has disappeared and has escaped from the country. It is suggestive that Anthony is not a common name in England, while Antonio is so in all Spanish or Spanish-American countries. The man, like Mrs. Stapleton herself, spoke good English, but with a curious lisping accent. I have myself seen this old man cross the Grimpen Mire by the path which Stapleton had marked out. It is very probable, therefore, that in the absence of his master it was he who cared for the hound, though he may never have known the purpose for which the beast was used.
###
Holmes: The Stapletons then went down to Devonshire, whither they were soon followed by Sir Henry and you. One word now as to how I stood myself at that time. It may possibly recur to your memory that when I examined the paper upon which the printed words were fastened I made a close inspection for the water-mark. In doing so I held it within a few inches of my eyes, and was conscious of a faint smell of the scent known as white jessamine. There are seventy-five perfumes, which it is very necessary that a criminal expert should be able to distinguish from each other, and cases have more than once within my own experience depended upon their prompt recognition. The scent suggested the presence of a lady, and already my thoughts began to turn towards the Stapletons. Thus I had made certain of the hound, and had guessed at the criminal before ever we went to the west country. It was my game to watch Stapleton. It was evident, however, that I could not do this if I were with you, since he would be keenly on his guard. I deceived everybody, therefore, yourself included, and I came down secretly when I was supposed to be in London. My hardships were not so great as you imagined, though such trifling details must never interfere with the investigation of a case. I stayed for the most part at Coombe Tracey, and only used the hut upon the moor when it was necessary to be near the scene of action. Cartwright had come down with me, and in his disguise as a country boy he was of great assistance to me. I was dependent upon him for food and clean linen. When I was watching Stapleton, Cartwright was frequently watching you, so that I was able to keep my hand upon all the strings.
###
Holmes: I have already told you that your reports reached me rapidly, being forwarded instantly from Baker Street to Coombe Tracey. They were of great service to me, and especially that one incidentally truthful piece of biography of Stapleton's. I was able to establish the identity of the man and the woman and knew at last exactly how I stood. The case had been considerably complicated through the incident of the escaped convict and the relations between him and the Barrymores. This also you cleared up in a very effective way, though I had already come to the same conclusions from my own observations.
Holmes: By the time that you discovered me upon the moor I had a complete knowledge of the whole business, but I had not a case which could go to a jury. Even Stapleton's attempt upon Sir Henry that night which ended in the death of the unfortunate convict did not help us much in proving murder against our man. There seemed to be no alternative but to catch him red-handed, and to do so we had to use Sir Henry, alone and apparently unprotected, as a bait. We did so, and at the cost of a severe shock to our client we succeeded in completing our case and driving Stapleton to his destruction. That Sir Henry should have been exposed to this is, I must confess, a reproach to my management of the case, but we had no means of foreseeing the terrible and paralyzing spectacle which the beast presented, nor could we predict the fog which enabled him to burst upon us at such short notice. We succeeded in our object at a cost which both the specialist and Dr. Mortimer assure me will be a temporary one. A long journey may enable our friend to recover not only from his shattered nerves but also from his wounded feelings. His love for the lady was deep and sincere, and to him the saddest part of all this black business was that he should have been deceived by her.
###
Watson: It is a formidable difficulty, and I fear that you ask too much when you expect me to solve it. The past and the present are within the field of my inquiry, but what a man may do in the future is a hard question to answer. Mrs. Stapleton has heard her husband discuss the problem on several occasions. There were three possible courses. He might claim the property from South America, establish his identity before the British authorities there and so obtain the fortune without ever coming to England at all; or he might adopt an elaborate disguise during the short time that he need be in London; or, again, he might furnish an accomplice with the proofs and papers, putting him in as heir, and retaining a claim upon some proportion of his income. We cannot doubt from what we know of him that he would have found some way out of the difficulty. And now, my dear Watson, we have had some weeks of severe work, and for one evening, I think, we may turn our thoughts into more pleasant channels. I have a box for 'Les Huguenots.' Have you heard the De Reszkes? Might I trouble you then to be ready in half an hour, and we can stop at Marcini's for a little dinner on the way?
Watson: I am inclined to think--
Holmes: I should do so.
Watson: Really, Holmes, you are a little trying at times.
###
Holmes: I should do so.
Watson: Really, Holmes, you are a little trying at times.
Holmes: It is Porlock's writing. I can hardly doubt that it is Porlock's writing, though I have seen it only twice before. The Greek e with the peculiar top flourish is distinctive. But if it is Porlock, then it must be something of the very first importance.
Watson: Who then is Porlock?
Holmes: Porlock, Watson, is a nom-de-plume, a mere identification mark; but behind it lies a shifty and evasive personality. In a former letter he frankly informed me that the name was not his own, and defied me ever to trace him among the teeming millions of this great city. Porlock is important, not for himself, but for the great man with whom he is in touch. Picture to yourself the pilot fish with the shark, the jackal with the lion--anything that is insignificant in companionship with what is formidable: not only formidable, Watson, but sinister--in the highest degree sinister. That is where he comes within my purview. You have heard me speak of Professor Moriarty?
Watson: The famous scientific criminal, as famous among crooks as--
Holmes: My blushes, Watson! I was about to say, as he is unknown to the public.
###
Watson: The famous scientific criminal, as famous among crooks as--
Holmes: My blushes, Watson!
Watson: I was about to say, as he is unknown to the public.
Holmes: A touch! A distinct touch! You are developing a certain unexpected vein of pawky humour, Watson, against which I must learn to guard myself. But in calling Moriarty a criminal you are uttering libel in the eyes of the law--and there lie the glory and the wonder of it! The greatest schemer of all time, the organizer of every deviltry, the controlling brain of the underworld, a brain which might have made or marred the destiny of nations--that's the man! But so aloof is he from general suspicion, so immune from criticism, so admirable in his management and self-effacement, that for those very words that you have uttered he could hale you to a court and emerge with your year's pension as a solatium for his wounded character. Is he not the celebrated author of The Dynamics of an Asteroid, a book which ascends to such rarefied heights of pure mathematics that it is said that there was no man in the scientific press capable of criticizing it? Is this a man to traduce? Foul-mouthed doctor and slandered professor--such would be your respective roles! That's genius, Watson. But if I am spared by lesser men, our day will surely come.
Watson: May I be there to see! But you were speaking of this man Porlock.
Holmes: Ah, yes--the so-called Porlock is a link in the chain some little way from its great attachment. Porlock is not quite a sound link--between ourselves. He is the only flaw in that chain so far as I have been able to test it.
Watson: But no chain is stronger than its weakest link.
###
Holmes: But no chain is stronger than its weakest link.
Watson: Exactly, my dear Watson! Hence the extreme importance of Porlock. Led on by some rudimentary aspirations towards right, and encouraged by the judicious stimulation of an occasional ten-pound note sent to him by devious methods, he has once or twice given me advance information which has been of value--that highest value which anticipates and prevents rather than avenges crime. I cannot doubt that, if we had the cipher, we should find that this communication is of the nature that I indicate.
Watson: What do you make of it, Holmes?
Holmes: It is obviously an attempt to convey secret information.
Watson: But what is the use of a cipher message without the cipher?
Holmes: In this instance, none at all.
Watson: Why do you say 'in this instance'?
Holmes: Because there are many ciphers which I would read as easily as I do the apocrypha of the agony column: such crude devices amuse the intelligence without fatiguing it. But this is different. It is clearly a reference to the words in a page of some book. Until I am told which page and which book I am powerless.
Watson: But why 'Douglas' and 'Birlstone'?
Holmes: Clearly because those are words which were not contained in the page in question.
Watson: Then why has he not indicated the book?
Holmes: Your native shrewdness, my dear Watson, that innate cunning which is the delight of your friends, would surely prevent you from inclosing cipher and message in the same envelope. Should it miscarry, you are undone. As it is, both have to go wrong before any harm comes from it. Our second post is now overdue, and I shall be surprised if it does not bring us either a further letter of explanation, or, as is more probable, the very volume to which these figures refer.
###
Holmes: The same writing, and actually signed. Come, we are getting on, Watson.
Holmes: Dear me, this is very disappointing! I fear, Watson, that all our expectations come to nothing. I trust that the man Porlock will come to no harm.
Porlock: I will go no further in this matter. It is too dangerous--he suspects me. I can see that he suspects me. He came to me quite unexpectedly after I had actually addressed this envelope with the intention of sending you the key to the cipher. I was able to cover it up. If he had seen it, it would have gone hard with me. But I read suspicion in his eyes. Please burn the cipher message, which can now be of no use to you. Fred Porlock.
Holmes: After all, there may be nothing in it. It may be only his guilty conscience. Knowing himself to be a traitor, he may have read the accusation in the other's eyes.
Watson: The other being, I presume, Professor Moriarty.
Holmes: No less! When any of that party talk about 'He' you know whom they mean. There is one predominant 'He' for all of them.
Watson: But what can he do?
Holmes: Hum! That's a large question. When you have one of the first brains of Europe up against you, and all the powers of darkness at his back, there are infinite possibilities. Anyhow, Friend Porlock is evidently scared out of his senses--kindly compare the writing in the note to that upon its envelope; which was done, he tells us, before this ill-omened visit. The one is clear and firm. The other hardly legible.
Watson: Why did he write at all? Why did he not simply drop it?
###
Watson: Why did he write at all? Why did he not simply drop it?
Holmes: Because he feared I would make some inquiry after him in that case, and possibly bring trouble on him.
Watson: No doubt. Of course. It's pretty maddening to think that an important secret may lie here on this slip of paper, and that it is beyond human power to penetrate it.
Holmes: I wonder! Perhaps there are points which have escaped your Machiavellian intellect. Let us consider the problem in the light of pure reason. This man's reference is to a book. That is our point of departure.
Watson: A somewhat vague one.
Holmes: Let us see then if we can narrow it down. As I focus my mind upon it, it seems rather less impenetrable. What indications have we as to this book?
Watson: None.
Holmes: Well, well, it is surely not quite so bad as that. The cipher message begins with a large 534, does it not? We may take it as a working hypothesis that 534 is the particular page to which the cipher refers. So our book has already become a large book which is surely something gained. What other indications have we as to the nature of this large book? The next sign is C2. What do you make of that, Watson?
Watson: Chapter the second, no doubt.
Holmes: Hardly that, Watson. You will, I am sure, agree with me that if the page be given, the number of the chapter is immaterial. Also that if page 534 finds us only in the second chapter, the length of the first one must have been really intolerable.
Watson: Column!
###
Watson: Column!
Holmes: Brilliant, Watson. You are scintillating this morning. If it is not column, then I am very much deceived. So now, you see, we begin to visualize a large book printed in double columns which are each of a considerable length, since one of the words is numbered in the document as the two hundred and ninety-third. Have we reached the limits of what reason can supply?
Watson: I fear that we have.
Holmes: Surely you do yourself an injustice. One more coruscation, my dear Watson--yet another brain-wave! Had the volume been an unusual one, he would have sent it to me. Instead of that, he had intended, before his plans were nipped, to send me the clue in this envelope. He says so in his note. This would seem to indicate that the book is one which he thought I would have no difficulty in finding for myself. He had it--and he imagined that I would have it, too. In short, Watson, it is a very common book.
Watson: What you say certainly sounds plausible.
Holmes: So we have contracted our field of search to a large book, printed in double columns and in common use.
Watson: The Bible!
Holmes: Good, Watson, good! But not, if I may say so, quite good enough! Even if I accepted the compliment for myself I could hardly name any volume which would be less likely to lie at the elbow of one of Moriarty's associates. Besides, the editions of Holy Writ are so numerous that he could hardly suppose that two copies would have the same pagination. This is clearly a book which is standardized. He knows for certain that his page 534 will exactly agree with my page 534.
Watson: But very few books would correspond with that.
Holmes: Exactly. Therein lies our salvation. Our search is narrowed down to standardized books which anyone may be supposed to possess.
Watson: Bradshaw!
###
Holmes: But very few books would correspond with that.
Watson: Exactly. Therein lies our salvation. Our search is narrowed down to standardized books which anyone may be supposed to possess.
Holmes: Bradshaw!
Watson: There are difficulties, Watson. The vocabulary of Bradshaw is nervous and terse, but limited. The selection of words would hardly lend itself to the sending of general messages. We will eliminate Bradshaw. The dictionary is, I fear, inadmissible for the same reason. What then is left?
Watson: An almanac!
Holmes: Excellent, Watson! I am very much mistaken if you have not touched the spot. An almanac! Let us consider the claims of Whitaker's Almanac. It is in common use. It has the requisite number of pages. It is in double column. Though reserved in its earlier vocabulary, it becomes, if I remember right, quite garrulous towards the end. Here is page 534, column two, a substantial block of print dealing, I perceive, with the trade and resources of British India. Jot down the words, Watson! Number thirteen is 'Mahratta.' Not, I fear, a very auspicious beginning. Number one hundred and twenty-seven is 'Government'; which at least makes sense, though somewhat irrelevant to ourselves and Professor Moriarty. Now let us try again. What does the Mahratta government do? Alas! the next word is 'pig's-bristles.' We are undone, my good Watson! It is finished!
Holmes: He had spoken in jesting vein, but the twitching of his bushy eyebrows bespoke his disappointment and irritation. I sat helpless and unhappy, staring into the fire. A long silence was broken by a sudden exclamation from Holmes, who dashed at a cupboard, from which he emerged with a second yellow-covered volume in his hand.
###
Holmes: We pay the price, Watson, for being too up-to-date! We are before our time, and suffer the usual penalties. Being the seventh of January, we have very properly laid in the new almanac. It is more than likely that Porlock took his message from the old one. No doubt he would have told us so had his letter of explanation been written. Now let us see what page 534 has in store for us. Number thirteen is 'There,' which is much more promising. Number one hundred and twenty-seven is 'is'--'There is'--danger. Ha! Ha! Capital! Put that down, Watson. 'There is danger-- may-- come-- very-- soon-- one.' Then we have the name 'Douglas' --'rich-- country-- now-- at-- Birlstone-- House-- Birlstone-- confidence-- is-- pressing.' There, Watson! What do you think of pure reason and its fruit? If the greengrocer had such a thing as a laurel wreath, I should send Billy round for it.
Watson: What a queer, scrambling way of expressing his meaning!
Holmes: On the contrary, he has done quite remarkably well. When you search a single column for words with which to express your meaning, you can hardly expect to get everything you want. You are bound to leave something to the intelligence of your correspondent. The purport is perfectly clear. Some deviltry is intended against one Douglas, whoever he may be, residing as stated, a rich country gentleman. He is sure--'confidence' was as near as he could get to 'confident'--that it is pressing. There is our result--and a very workmanlike little bit of analysis it was!
###
Narrator: Holmes had the impersonal joy of the true artist in his better work, even as he mourned darkly when it fell below the high level to which he aspired.
Narrator: He was still chuckling over his success when Billy swung open the door and Inspector MacDonald of Scotland Yard was ushered into the room.
Narrator: Those were the early days at the end of the '80's, when Alec MacDonald was far from having attained the national fame which he has now achieved. He was a young but trusted member of the detective force, who had distinguished himself in several cases which had been entrusted to him. His tall, bony figure gave promise of exceptional physical strength, while his great cranium and deep-set, lustrous eyes spoke no less clearly of the keen intelligence which twinkled out from behind his bushy eyebrows. He was a silent, precise man with a dour nature and a hard Aberdonian accent.
Narrator: Twice already in his career had Holmes helped him to attain success, his own sole reward being the intellectual joy of the problem. For this reason the affection and respect of the Scotchman for his amateur colleague were profound, and he showed them by the frankness with which he consulted Holmes in every difficulty. Mediocrity knows nothing higher than itself; but talent instantly recognizes genius, and MacDonald had talent enough for his profession to enable him to perceive that there was no humiliation in seeking the assistance of one who already stood alone in Europe, both in his gifts and in his experience. Holmes was not prone to friendship, but he was tolerant of the big Scotchman, and smiled at the sight of him.
Holmes: You are an early bird, Mr. Mac. I wish you luck with your worm. I fear this means that there is some mischief afoot.
###
Holmes: You are an early bird, Mr. Mac. I wish you luck with your worm. I fear this means that there is some mischief afoot.
Inspector: If you said 'hope' instead of 'fear,' it would be nearer the truth, I'm thinking, Mr. Holmes. Well, maybe a wee nip would keep out the raw morning chill. No, I won't smoke, I thank you. I'll have to be pushing on my way; for the early hours of a case are the precious ones, as no man knows better than your own self. But--but--
Inspector: Douglas! Birlstone! What's this, Mr. Holmes? Man, it's witchcraft! Where in the name of all that is wonderful did you get those names?
Holmes: It is a cipher that Dr. Watson and I have had occasion to solve. But why--what's amiss with the names?
Inspector: Just this, that Mr. Douglas of Birlstone Manor House was horribly murdered last night!
Holmes: Remarkable! Remarkable!
Holmes: You don't seem surprised.
###
Holmes: Remarkable! Remarkable!
Watson: You don't seem surprised.
Holmes: Interested, Mr. Mac, but hardly surprised. Why should I be surprised? I receive an anonymous communication from a quarter which I know to be important, warning me that danger threatens a certain person. Within an hour I learn that this danger has actually materialized and that the person is dead. I am interested; but, as you observe, I am not surprised.
Holmes: I rather think not.
MacDonald: I was going down to Birlstone this morning. I had come to ask you if you cared to come with me--you and your friend here. But from what you say we might perhaps be doing better work in London.
Holmes: Hang it all, Mr. Holmes! The papers will be full of the Birlstone mystery in a day or two; but where's the mystery if there is a man in London who prophesied the crime before ever it occurred? We have only to lay our hands on that man, and the rest will follow.
Holmes: No doubt, Mr. Mac. But how do you propose to lay your hands on the so-called Porlock?
MacDonald: Posted in Camberwell--that doesn't help us much. Name, you say, is assumed. Not much to go on, certainly. Didn't you say that you have sent him money?
Holmes: Twice.
MacDonald: And how?
Holmes: In notes to Camberwell post-office.
MacDonald: Did you ever trouble to see who called for them?
Holmes: No.
MacDonald: Why not?
Holmes: Because I always keep faith. I had promised when he first wrote that I would not try to trace him.
MacDonald: You think there is someone behind him?
Holmes: I know there is.
Holmes: This professor that I've heard you mention?
###
Holmes: Because I always keep faith. I had promised when he first wrote that I would not try to trace him.
Watson: You think there is someone behind him?
Holmes: I know there is.
Watson: This professor that I've heard you mention?
Holmes: Exactly!
MacDonald: I won't conceal from you, Mr. Holmes, that we think in the C. I. D. that you have a wee bit of a bee in your bonnet over this professor. I made some inquiries myself about the matter. He seems to be a very respectable, learned, and talented sort of man.
Holmes: I'm glad you've got so far as to recognize the talent.
MacDonald: Man, you can't but recognize it! After I heard your view I made it my business to see him. I had a chat with him on eclipses. How the talk got that way I canna think; but he had out a reflector lantern and a globe, and made it all clear in a minute. He lent me a book; but I don't mind saying that it was a bit above my head, though I had a good Aberdeen upbringing. He'd have made a grand meenister with his thin face and gray hair and solemn-like way of talking. When he put his hand on my shoulder as we were parting, it was like a father's blessing before you go out into the cold, cruel world.
Holmes: Great! Great! Tell me, Friend MacDonald, this pleasing and touching interview was, I suppose, in the professor's study?
MacDonald: That's so.
Holmes: A fine room, is it not?
MacDonald: Very fine--very handsome indeed, Mr. Holmes.
Holmes: You sat in front of his writing desk?
MacDonald: Just so.
Holmes: Sun in your eyes and his face in the shadow?
MacDonald: Well, it was evening; but I mind that the lamp was turned on my face.
Holmes: It would be. Did you happen to observe a picture over the professor's head?
MacDonald: I don't miss much, Mr. Holmes. Maybe I learned that from you. Yes, I saw the picture--a young woman with her head on her hands, peeping at you sideways.
Holmes: That painting was by Jean Baptiste Greuze.
MacDonald: The inspector endeavoured to look interested.
###
Holmes: I don't miss much, Mr. Holmes. Maybe I learned that from you. Yes, I saw the picture--a young woman with her head on her hands, peeping at you sideways.
Watson: That painting was by Jean Baptiste Greuze.
Holmes: Jean Baptiste Greuze was a French artist who flourished between the years 1750 and 1800. I allude, of course to his working career. Modern criticism has more than indorsed the high opinion formed of him by his contemporaries.
Inspector: Hadn't we better--
Holmes: We are doing so. All that I am saying has a very direct and vital bearing upon what you have called the Birlstone Mystery. In fact, it may in a sense be called the very centre of it.
MacDonald: Your thoughts move a bit too quick for me, Mr. Holmes. You leave out a link or two, and I can't get over the gap. What in the whole wide world can be the connection between this dead painting man and the affair at Birlstone?
Holmes: All knowledge comes useful to the detective. Even the trivial fact that in the year 1865 a picture by Greuze entitled La Jeune Fille a l'Agneau fetched one million two hundred thousand francs--more than forty thousand pounds--at the Portalis sale may start a train of reflection in your mind.
Holmes: I may remind you that the professor's salary can be ascertained in several trustworthy books of reference. It is seven hundred a year.
Inspector: Then how could he buy--
Holmes: Quite so! How could he?
Inspector: Ay, that's remarkable. Talk away, Mr. Holmes. I'm just loving it. It's fine!
Holmes: What about Birlstone?
###
Inspector: Ay, that's remarkable, said the inspector thoughtfully. "Talk away, Mr. Holmes. I'm just loving it. It's fine!"
Holmes: What about Birlstone?
Inspector: We've time yet, said the inspector, glancing at his watch. "I've a cab at the door, and it won't take us twenty minutes to Victoria. But about this picture: I thought you told me once, Mr. Holmes, that you had never met Professor Moriarty."
Holmes: No, I never have.
Inspector: Then how do you know about his rooms?
Holmes: Ah, that's another matter. I have been three times in his rooms, twice waiting for him under different pretexts and leaving before he came. Once--well, I can hardly tell about the once to an official detective. It was on the last occasion that I took the liberty of running over his papers--with the most unexpected results.
Inspector: You found something compromising?
Holmes: Absolutely nothing. That was what amazed me. However, you have now seen the point of the picture. It shows him to be a very wealthy man. How did he acquire wealth? He is unmarried. His younger brother is a station master in the west of England. His chair is worth seven hundred a year. And he owns a Greuze.
Inspector: Well?
Holmes: Surely the inference is plain.
Inspector: You mean that he has a great income and that he must earn it in an illegal fashion?
Holmes: Exactly. Of course I have other reasons for thinking so--dozens of exiguous threads which lead vaguely up towards the centre of the web where the poisonous, motionless creature is lurking. I only mention the Greuze because it brings the matter within the range of your own observation.
Inspector: Well, Mr. Holmes, I admit that what you say is interesting: it's more than interesting--it's just wonderful. But let us have it a little clearer if you can. Is it forgery, coining, burglary--where does the money come from?
Holmes: Have you ever read of Jonathan Wild?
###
Holmes: Have you ever read of Jonathan Wild?
Watson: Well, the name has a familiar sound. Someone in a novel, was he not? I don't take much stock of detectives in novels--chaps that do things and never let you see how they do them. That's just inspiration: not business.
Holmes: Jonathan Wild wasn't a detective, and he wasn't in a novel. He was a master criminal, and he lived last century--1750 or thereabouts.
Watson: Then he's no use to me. I'm a practical man.
Holmes: Mr. Mac, the most practical thing that you ever did in your life would be to shut yourself up for three months and read twelve hours a day at the annals of crime. Everything comes in circles--even Professor Moriarty. Jonathan Wild was the hidden force of the London criminals, to whom he sold his brains and his organization on a fifteen per cent commission. The old wheel turns, and the same spoke comes up. It's all been done before, and will be again. I'll tell you one or two things about Moriarty which may interest you.
Watson: You'll interest me, right enough.
Holmes: I happen to know who is the first link in his chain--a chain with this Napoleon-gone-wrong at one end, and a hundred broken fighting men, pickpockets, blackmailers, and card sharpers at the other, with every sort of crime in between. His chief of staff is Colonel Sebastian Moran, as aloof and guarded and inaccessible to the law as himself. What do you think he pays him?
Watson: I'd like to hear.
Holmes: Six thousand a year. That's paying for brains, you see--the American business principle. I learned that detail quite by chance. It's more than the Prime Minister gets. That gives you an idea of Moriarty's gains and of the scale on which he works. Another point: I made it my business to hunt down some of Moriarty's checks lately--just common innocent checks that he pays his household bills with. They were drawn on six different banks. Does that make any impression on your mind?
Watson: Queer, certainly! But what do you gather from it?
###
Holmes: Queer, certainly! But what do you gather from it?
Watson: That he wanted no gossip about his wealth. No single man should know what he had. I have no doubt that he has twenty banking accounts; the bulk of his fortune abroad in the Deutsche Bank or the Credit Lyonnais as likely as not. Sometime when you have a year or two to spare I commend to you the study of Professor Moriarty.
MacDonald: He can keep, anyhow. You've got us side-tracked with your interesting anecdotes, Mr. Holmes. What really counts is your remark that there is some connection between the professor and the crime. That you get from the warning received through the man Porlock. Can we for our present practical needs get any further than that?
Holmes: We may form some conception as to the motives of the crime. It is, as I gather from your original remarks, an inexplicable, or at least an unexplained, murder. Now, presuming that the source of the crime is as we suspect it to be, there might be two different motives. In the first place, I may tell you that Moriarty rules with a rod of iron over his people. His discipline is tremendous. There is only one punishment in his code. It is death. Now we might suppose that this murdered man--this Douglas whose approaching fate was known by one of the arch-criminal's subordinates--had in some way betrayed the chief. His punishment followed, and would be known to all--if only to put the fear of death into them.
MacDonald: Well, that is one suggestion, Mr. Holmes.
Holmes: The other is that it has been engineered by Moriarty in the ordinary course of business. Was there any robbery?
MacDonald: I have not heard.
###
Holmes: Well, that is one suggestion, Mr. Holmes.
Holmes: The other is that it has been engineered by Moriarty in the ordinary course of business. Was there any robbery?
Watson: I have not heard.
Holmes: If so, it would, of course, be against the first hypothesis and in favour of the second. Moriarty may have been engaged to engineer it on a promise of part spoils, or he may have been paid so much down to manage it. Either is possible. But whichever it may be, or if it is some third combination, it is down at Birlstone that we must seek the solution. I know our man too well to suppose that he has left anything up here which may lead us to him.
MacDonald: Then to Birlstone we must go! My word! it's later than I thought. I can give you, gentlemen, five minutes for preparation, and that is all.
Holmes: And ample for us both. While we are on our way, Mr. Mac, I will ask you to be good enough to tell me all about it.
Holmes: All about it proved to be disappointingly little, and yet there was enough to assure us that the case before us might well be worthy of the expert's closest attention. He brightened and rubbed his thin hands together as he listened to the meagre but remarkable details. A long series of sterile weeks lay behind us, and here at last there was a fitting object for those remarkable powers which, like all special gifts, become irksome to their owner when they are not in use. That razor brain blunted and rusted with inaction.
###
Holmes: Dear Inspector MacDonald: Official requisition for your services is in separate envelope. This is for your private eye. Wire me what train in the morning you can get for Birlstone, and I will meet it--or have it met if I am too occupied. This case is a snorter. Don't waste a moment in getting started. If you can bring Mr. Holmes, please do so; for he will find something after his own heart. We would think the whole thing had been fixed up for theatrical effect if there wasn't a dead man in the middle of it. My word! it is a snorter.
Holmes: Your friend seems to be no fool.
MacDonald: No, sir, White Mason is a very live man, if I am any judge.
Holmes: Well, have you anything more?
MacDonald: Only that he will give us every detail when we meet.
Holmes: Then how did you get at Mr. Douglas and the fact that he had been horribly murdered?
###
Unknown: No, sir, White Mason is a very live man, if I am any judge.
Holmes: Well, have you anything more?
Unknown: Only that he will give us every detail when we meet.
Holmes: Then how did you get at Mr. Douglas and the fact that he had been horribly murdered?
Unknown: That was in the enclosed official report. It didn't say 'horrible': that's not a recognized official term. It gave the name John Douglas. It mentioned that his injuries had been in the head, from the discharge of a shotgun. It also mentioned the hour of the alarm, which was close on to midnight last night. It added that the case was undoubtedly one of murder, but that no arrest had been made, and that the case was one which presented some very perplexing and extraordinary features. That's absolutely all we have at present, Mr. Holmes.
Holmes: Then, with your permission, we will leave it at that, Mr. Mac. The temptation to form premature theories upon insufficient data is the bane of our profession. I can see only two things for certain at present--a great brain in London, and a dead man in Sussex. It's the chain between that we are going to trace.
###
Watson: But surely I have heard that the drawbridge is kept up all night.
Holmes: Yes, it was up until I lowered it.
Watson: Then how could any murderer have got away? It is out of the question! Mr. Douglas must have shot himself.
Barker: That was our first idea. But see! And look at this! Someone has stood there in getting out.
Watson: You mean that someone waded across the moat?
Barker: Exactly! Then if you were in the room within half a minute of the crime, he must have been in the water at that very moment.
Watson: I have not a doubt of it. I wish to heaven that I had rushed to the window! But the curtain screened it, as you can see, and so it never occurred to me. Then I heard the step of Mrs. Douglas, and I could not let her enter the room. It would have been too horrible.
Doctor: Horrible enough! I've never seen such injuries since the Birlstone railway smash.
Police Sergeant: It's all very well your saying that a man escaped by wading this moat, but what I ask you is, how did he ever get into the house at all if the bridge was up?
Barker: Ah, that's the question. At what o'clock was it raised?
Ames: It was nearly six o'clock.
Police Sergeant: I've heard that it was usually raised at sunset. That would be nearer half-past four than six at this time of year.
Ames: Mrs. Douglas had visitors to tea. I couldn't raise it until they went. Then I wound it up myself.
Police Sergeant: Then it comes to this, If anyone came from outside--if they did--they must have got in across the bridge before six and been in hiding ever since, until Mr. Douglas came into the room after eleven.
###
White Mason: A real downright snorter, Mr. MacDonald! We'll have the pressmen down like flies when they understand it. I'm hoping we will get our work done before they get poking their noses into it and messing up all the trails. There has been nothing like this that I can remember. There are some bits that will come home to you, Mr. Holmes, or I am mistaken. And you also, Dr. Watson; for the medicos will have a word to say before we finish. Your room is at the Westville Arms. There's no other place; but I hear that it is clean and good. The man will carry your bags. This way, gentlemen, if you please.
Holmes: Remarkable! most remarkable! I can hardly recall any case where the features have been more peculiar.
###
Holmes: Remarkable! most remarkable! I can hardly recall any case where the features have been more peculiar.
White Mason: I thought you would say so, Mr. Holmes. We're well up with the times in Sussex. I've told you now how matters were, up to the time when I took over from Sergeant Wilson between three and four this morning. My word! I made the old mare go! But I need not have been in such a hurry, as it turned out; for there was nothing immediate that I could do. Sergeant Wilson had all the facts. I checked them and considered them and maybe added a few of my own.
Holmes: What were they?
White Mason: Well, I first had the hammer examined. There was Dr. Wood there to help me. We found no signs of violence upon it. I was hoping that if Mr. Douglas defended himself with the hammer, he might have left his mark upon the murderer before he dropped it on the mat. But there was no stain.
Inspector MacDonald: That, of course, proves nothing at all. There has been many a hammer murder and no trace on the hammer.
White Mason: Quite so. It doesn't prove it wasn't used. But there might have been stains, and that would have helped us. As a matter of fact there were none. Then I examined the gun. They were buckshot cartridges, and, as Sergeant Wilson pointed out, the triggers were wired together so that, if you pulled on the hinder one, both barrels were discharged. Whoever fixed that up had made up his mind that he was going to take no chances of missing his man. The sawed gun was not more than two foot long--one could carry it easily under one's coat. There was no complete maker's name; but the printed letters P-E-N were on the fluting between the barrels, and the rest of the name had been cut off by the saw.
Holmes: A big P with a flourish above it, E and N smaller?
White Mason: Exactly.
Holmes: Pennsylvania Small Arms Company- well known American firm.
###
Holmes: A big P with a flourish above it, E and N smaller?
Watson: Exactly.
Holmes: Pennsylvania Small Arms Company- well-known American firm.
White Mason: That is very helpful, Mr. Holmes. No doubt you are right. Wonderful! Wonderful! Do you carry the names of all the gun makers in the world in your memory?
Holmes: No doubt it is an American shotgun.
White Mason: I seem to have read that a sawed-off shotgun is a weapon used in some parts of America. Apart from the name upon the barrel, the idea had occurred to me. There is some evidence then, that this man who entered the house and killed its master was an American.
MacDonald: Man, you are surely travelling overfast. I have heard no evidence yet that any stranger was ever in the house at all.
MacDonald: Nothing there that could not have been arranged. Mr. Douglas was an American, or had lived long in America. So had Mr. Barker. You don't need to import an American from outside in order to account for American doings.
MacDonald: What about him? Is he reliable?
White Mason: Ten years with Sir Charles Chandos--as solid as a rock. He has been with Douglas ever since he took the Manor House five years ago. He has never seen a gun of this sort in the house.
Holmes: The gun was made to conceal. That's why the barrels were sawed. It would fit into any box. How could he swear there was no such gun in the house?
White Mason: Well, anyhow, he had never seen one.
###
MacDonald: The gun was made to conceal. That's why the barrels were sawed. It would fit into any box. How could he swear there was no such gun in the house?
Holmes: Well, anyhow, he had never seen one.
MacDonald: I'm not convinced yet that there was ever anyone in the house. I'm asking you to conseedar what it involves if you suppose that this gun was ever brought into the house, and that all these strange things were done by a person from outside. Oh, man, it's just inconceivable! It's clean against common sense! I put it to you, Mr. Holmes, judging it by what we have heard.
Holmes: Well, state your case, Mr. Mac.
MacDonald: The man is not a burglar, supposing that he ever existed. The ring business and the card point to premeditated murder for some private reason. Very good. Here is a man who slips into a house with the deliberate intention of committing murder. He knows, if he knows anything, that he will have a deeficulty in making his escape, as the house is surrounded with water. What weapon would he choose? You would say the most silent in the world. Then he could hope when the deed was done to slip quickly from the window, to wade the moat, and to get away at his leisure. That's understandable. But is it understandable that he should go out of his way to bring with him the most noisy weapon he could select, knowing well that it will fetch every human being in the house to the spot as quick as they can run, and that it is all odds that he will be seen before he can get across the moat? Is that credible, Mr. Holmes?
Holmes: Well, you put the case strongly. It certainly needs a good deal of justification. May I ask, Mr. White Mason, whether you examined the farther side of the moat at once to see if there were any signs of the man having climbed out from the water?
###
Holmes: There were no signs, Mr. Holmes. But it is a stone ledge, and one could hardly expect them.
Watson: No tracks or marks?
Holmes: Ha! Would there be any objection, Mr. White Mason, to our going down to the house at once? There may possibly be some small point which might be suggestive.
White Mason: I was going to propose it, Mr. Holmes; but I thought it well to put you in touch with all the facts before we go. I suppose if anything should strike you--
MacDonald: I have worked with Mr. Holmes before, He plays the game.
Holmes: My own idea of the game, at any rate. I go into a case to help the ends of justice and the work of the police. If I have ever separated myself from the official force, it is because they have first separated themselves from me. I have no wish ever to score at their expense. At the same time, Mr. White Mason, I claim the right to work in my own way and give my results at my own time--complete rather than in stages.
White Mason: I am sure we are honoured by your presence and to show you all we know. Come along, Dr. Watson, and when the time comes we'll all hope for a place in your book.
###
Narrator: Three centuries had flowed past the old Manor House, centuries of births and of homecomings, of country dances and of the meetings of fox hunters. Strange that now in its old age this dark business should have cast its shadow upon the venerable walls! And yet those strange, peaked roofs and quaint, overhung gables were a fitting covering to grim and terrible intrigue. As I looked at the deep-set windows and the long sweep of the dull-coloured, water-lapped front, I felt that no more fitting scene could be set for such a tragedy.
White Mason: That's the window, that one on the immediate right of the drawbridge. It's open just as it was found last night.
Holmes: It looks rather narrow for a man to pass.
White Mason: Well, it wasn't a fat man, anyhow. We don't need your deductions, Mr. Holmes, to tell us that. But you or I could squeeze through all right.
Holmes: I've had a good look, Mr. Holmes. There is nothing there, no sign that anyone has landed--but why should he leave any sign?
White Mason: Exactly. Why should he? Is the water always turbid?
White Mason: Generally about this colour. The stream brings down the clay.
White Mason: About two feet at each side and three in the middle.
Holmes: So we can put aside all idea of the man having been drowned in crossing.
White Mason: No, a child could not be drowned in it.
White Mason: Anything fresh, Sergeant Wilson?
Sergeant Wilson: No, sir.
###
Holmes: No, it does not.
Watson: Well, then, everyone is agreed that after the alarm was given only a minute at the most had passed before the whole household--not Mr. Cecil Barker alone, though he claims to have been the first, but Ames and all of them were on the spot. Do you tell me that in that time the guilty person managed to make footmarks in the corner, open the window, mark the sill with blood, take the wedding ring off the dead man's finger, and all the rest of it? It's impossible!
Holmes: You put it very clearly, I am inclined to agree with you.
Watson: Well, then, we are driven back to the theory that it was done by someone from outside. We are still faced with some big difficulties; but anyhow they have ceased to be impossibilities. The man got into the house between four-thirty and six; that is to say, between dusk and the time when the bridge was raised. There had been some visitors, and the door was open; so there was nothing to prevent him. He may have been a common burglar, or he may have had some private grudge against Mr. Douglas. Since Mr. Douglas has spent most of his life in America, and this shotgun seems to be an American weapon, it would seem that the private grudge is the more likely theory. He slipped into this room because it was the first he came to, and he hid behind the curtain. There he remained until past eleven at night. At that time Mr. Douglas entered the room. It was a short interview, if there were any interview at all; for Mrs. Douglas declares that her husband had not left her more than a few minutes when she heard the shot.
Holmes: The candle shows that.
Watson: Exactly. The candle, which was a new one, is not burned more than half an inch. He must have placed it on the table before he was attacked; otherwise, of course, it would have fallen when he fell. This shows that he was not attacked the instant that he entered the room. When Mr. Barker arrived the candle was lit and the lamp was out.
Holmes: That's all clear enough.
###
Holmes: That's all clear enough.
Watson: Well, now, we can reconstruct things on those lines. Mr. Douglas enters the room. He puts down the candle. A man appears from behind the curtain. He is armed with this gun. He demands the wedding ring--Heaven only knows why, but so it must have been. Mr. Douglas gave it up. Then either in cold blood or in the course of a struggle--Douglas may have gripped the hammer that was found upon the mat--he shot Douglas in this horrible way. He dropped his gun and also it would seem this queer card--V. V. 341, whatever that may mean--and he made his escape through the window and across the moat at the very moment when Cecil Barker was discovering the crime. How's that, Mr. Holmes?
Holmes: Very interesting, but just a little unconvincing.
MacDonald: Man, it would be absolute nonsense if it wasn't that anything else is even worse! Somebody killed the man, and whoever it was I could clearly prove to you that he should have done it some other way. What does he mean by allowing his retreat to be cut off like that? What does he mean by using a shotgun when silence was his one chance of escape? Come, Mr. Holmes, it's up to you to give us a lead, since you say Mr. White Mason's theory is unconvincing.
Holmes: I should like a few more facts before I get so far as a theory, Mr. Mac, Dear me! these injuries are really appalling. Can we have the butler in for a moment? ... Ames, I understand that you have often seen this very unusual mark--a branded triangle inside a circle--upon Mr. Douglas's forearm?
Ames: Frequently, sir.
Holmes: You never heard any speculation as to what it meant?
Ames: No, sir.
###
Holmes: Frequently, sir.
Ames: You never heard any speculation as to what it meant?
Holmes: It must have caused great pain when it was inflicted. It is undoubtedly a burn. Now, I observe, Ames, that there is a small piece of plaster at the angle of Mr. Douglas's jaw. Did you observe that in life?
Ames: Yes, sir, he cut himself in shaving yesterday morning.
Holmes: Did you ever know him to cut himself in shaving before?
Ames: Not for a very long time, sir.
Holmes: Suggestive! It may, of course, be a mere coincidence, or it may point to some nervousness which would indicate that he had reason to apprehend danger. Had you noticed anything unusual in his conduct, yesterday, Ames?
Ames: It struck me that he was a little restless and excited, sir.
Holmes: Ha! The attack may not have been entirely unexpected. We do seem to make a little progress, do we not? Perhaps you would rather do the questioning, Mr. Mac?
Mac: No, Mr. Holmes, it's in better hands than mine.
Holmes: Well, then, we will pass to this card--V. V. 341. It is rough cardboard. Have you any of the sort in the house?
Ames: I don't think so.
Holmes: It was not printed in this room, this is black ink and the other purplish. It was done by a thick pen, and these are fine. No, it was done elsewhere, I should say. Can you make anything of the inscription, Ames?
Ames: No, sir, nothing.
Mac: What do you think, Mr. Mac?
White Mason: It gives me the impression of a secret society of some sort; the same with his badge upon the forearm.
Holmes: That's my idea, too.
###
Watson: No, sir, nothing.
Watson: What do you think, Mr. Mac?
Mac: It gives me the impression of a secret society of some sort; the same with his badge upon the forearm.
White Mason: That's my idea, too.
Mac: Well, we can adopt it as a working hypothesis and then see how far our difficulties disappear. An agent from such a society makes his way into the house, waits for Mr. Douglas, blows his head nearly off with this weapon, and escapes by wading the moat, after leaving a card beside the dead man, which will when mentioned in the papers, tell other members of the society that vengeance has been done. That all hangs together. But why this gun, of all weapons?
White Mason: Exactly.
Mac: And why the missing ring?
White Mason: Quite so.
Mac: And why no arrest? It's past two now. I take it for granted that since dawn every constable within forty miles has been looking out for a wet stranger?
Holmes: That is so, Mr. Holmes.
Holmes: Well, unless he has a burrow close by or a change of clothes ready, they can hardly miss him. And yet they have missed him up to now!
Holmes: It is clearly the tread of a shoe. It is remarkably broad; a splay-foot, one would say. Curious, because, so far as one can trace any footmark in this mud-stained corner, one would say it was a more shapely sole. However, they are certainly very indistinct. What's this under the side table?
Ames: Mr. Douglas's dumbbells.
Holmes: Dumb-bell--there's only one. Where's the other?
Ames: I don't know, Mr. Holmes. There may have been only one. I have not noticed them for months.
Holmes: One dumb-bell-- but his remarks were interrupted by a sharp knock at the door.
Cecil Barker: Sorry to interrupt your consultation, but you should hear the latest news.
Watson: An arrest?
###
White Mason: Sorry to interrupt your consultation, but you should hear the latest news.
Holmes: An arrest?
White Mason: No such luck. But they've found his bicycle. The fellow left his bicycle behind him. Come and have a look. It is within a hundred yards of the hall door.
Inspector: It would be a grand help to the police if these things were numbered and registered. But we must be thankful for what we've got. If we can't find where he went to, at least we are likely to get where he came from. But what in the name of all that is wonderful made the fellow leave it behind? And how in the world has he got away without it? We don't seem to get a gleam of light in the case, Mr. Holmes.
Holmes: Don't we? I wonder!
White Mason: Have you seen all you want of the study?
Ames: For the time.
White Mason: Then perhaps you would now like to hear the evidence of some of the people in the house. We could use the dining-room, Ames. Please come yourself first and tell us what you know.
###
Inspector: For the time.
Holmes: Then perhaps you would now like to hear the evidence of some of the people in the house. We could use the dining-room, Ames. Please come yourself first and tell us what you know.
Butler: He had been engaged five years before, when Douglas first came to Birlstone. He understood that Mr. Douglas was a rich gentleman who had made his money in America. He had been a kind and considerate employer--not quite what Ames was used to, perhaps; but one can't have everything. He never saw any signs of apprehension in Mr. Douglas: on the contrary, he was the most fearless man he had ever known. He ordered the drawbridge to be pulled up every night because it was the ancient custom of the old house, and he liked to keep the old ways up. Mr. Douglas seldom went to London or left the village; but on the day before the crime he had been shopping at Tunbridge Wells. He (Ames) had observed some restlessness and excitement on the part of Mr. Douglas that day; for he had seemed impatient and irritable, which was unusual with him. He had not gone to bed that night; but was in the pantry at the back of the house, putting away the silver, when he heard the bell ring violently. He heard no shot; but it was hardly possible he would, as the pantry and kitchens were at the very back of the house and there were several closed doors and a long passage between. The housekeeper had come out of her room, attracted by the violent ringing of the bell. They had gone to the front of the house together. As they reached the bottom of the stair he had seen Mrs. Douglas coming down it. No, she was not hurrying; it did not seem to him that she was particularly agitated. Just as she reached the bottom of the stair Mr. Barker had rushed out of the study. He had stopped Mrs. Douglas and begged her to go back.
###
Barker: I have seen a good deal of him since. If I have seen her, it is because you cannot visit a man without knowing his wife. If you imagine there is any connection--
Holmes: I imagine nothing, Mr. Barker. I am bound to make every inquiry which can bear upon the case. But I mean no offense.
Barker: Some inquiries are offensive.
Holmes: It's only the facts that we want. It is in your interest and everyone's interest that they should be cleared up. Did Mr. Douglas entirely approve your friendship with his wife?
Barker: You have no right to ask such questions! What has this to do with the matter you are investigating?
Holmes: I must repeat the question.
Barker: Well, I refuse to answer.
Holmes: You can refuse to answer; but you must be aware that your refusal is in itself an answer, for you would not refuse if you had not something to conceal.
###
Holmes: The mere fact that the ring should be absent, whoever may have removed it, would suggest to anyone's mind, would it not, that the marriage and the tragedy were connected?
Barker: I can't profess to say what it means. he answered. "But if you mean to hint that it could reflect in any way upon this lady's honour"--his eyes blazed for an instant, and then with an evident effort he got a grip upon his own emotions--"well, you are on the wrong track, that's all."
MacDonald: I don't know that I've anything else to ask you at present.
Holmes: There was one small point. When you entered the room there was only a candle lighted on the table, was there not?
MacDonald: Yes, that was so.
Holmes: By its light you saw that some terrible incident had occurred?
MacDonald: Exactly.
Holmes: You at once rang for help?
MacDonald: Yes.
Holmes: And it arrived very speedily?
MacDonald: Within a minute or so.
Holmes: And yet when they arrived they found that the candle was out and that the lamp had been lighted. That seems very remarkable.
Barker: I don't see that it was remarkable, Mr. Holmes, he answered after a pause. "The candle threw a very bad light. My first thought was to get a better one. The lamp was on the table; so I lit it."
Holmes: And blew out the candle?
Barker: Exactly.
###
Watson: And blew out the candle?
Holmes: Exactly.
Holmes: Have you found anything out yet?
Mrs. Douglas: Have you found anything out yet?
Inspector MacDonald: We have taken every possible step, Mrs. Douglas. You may rest assured that nothing will be neglected.
Mrs. Douglas: Spare no money. It is my desire that every possible effort should be made.
Inspector MacDonald: Perhaps you can tell us something which may throw some light upon the matter.
Mrs. Douglas: I fear not; but all I know is at your service.
Inspector MacDonald: We have heard from Mr. Cecil Barker that you did not actually see--that you were never in the room where the tragedy occurred?
Mrs. Douglas: No, he turned me back upon the stairs. He begged me to return to my room.
Inspector MacDonald: Quite so. You had heard the shot, and you had at once come down.
Mrs. Douglas: I put on my dressing gown and then came down.
Inspector MacDonald: How long was it after hearing the shot that you were stopped on the stair by Mr. Barker?
###
Mrs. Douglas: Quite so. You had heard the shot, and you had at once come down.
Mrs. Douglas: I put on my dressing gown and then came down.
Holmes: How long was it after hearing the shot that you were stopped on the stair by Mr. Barker?
Mrs. Douglas: It may have been a couple of minutes. It is so hard to reckon time at such a moment. He implored me not to go on. He assured me that I could do nothing. Then Mrs. Allen, the housekeeper, led me upstairs again. It was all like some dreadful dream.
Holmes: Can you give us any idea how long your husband had been downstairs before you heard the shot?
Mrs. Douglas: No, I cannot say. He went from his dressing room, and I did not hear him go. He did the round of the house every night, for he was nervous of fire. It is the only thing that I have ever known him nervous of.
Holmes: That is just the point which I want to come to, Mrs. Douglas. You have known your husband only in England, have you not?
Mrs. Douglas: Yes, we have been married five years.
Holmes: Have you heard him speak of anything which occurred in America and might bring some danger upon him?
Mrs. Douglas: Yes. I have always felt that there was a danger hanging over him. He refused to discuss it with me. It was not from want of confidence in me--there was the most complete love and confidence between us--but it was out of his desire to keep all alarm away from me. He thought I should brood over it if I knew all, and so he was silent.
Holmes: How did you know it, then?
###
Mrs. Douglas: How did you know it, then?
Holmes: Can a husband ever carry about a secret all his life and a woman who loves him have no suspicion of it? I knew it by his refusal to talk about some episodes in his American life. I knew it by certain precautions he took. I knew it by certain words he let fall. I knew it by the way he looked at unexpected strangers. I was perfectly certain that he had some powerful enemies, that he believed they were on his track, and that he was always on his guard against them. I was so sure of it that for years I have been terrified if ever he came home later than was expected.
Holmes: Might I ask, what the words were which attracted your attention?
Mrs. Douglas: The Valley of Fear. That was an expression he has used when I questioned him. 'I have been in the Valley of Fear. I am not out of it yet.' --'Are we never to get out of the Valley of Fear?' I have asked him when I have seen him more serious than usual. 'Sometimes I think that we never shall,' he has answered.
Holmes: Surely you asked him what he meant by the Valley of Fear?
Mrs. Douglas: I did; but his face would become very grave and he would shake his head. 'It is bad enough that one of us should have been in its shadow,' he said. 'Please God it shall never fall upon you!' It was some real valley in which he had lived and in which something terrible had occurred to him, of that I am certain; but I can tell you no more.
Mrs. Douglas: Yes, he was delirious with fever once when he had his hunting accident three years ago. Then I remember that there was a name that came continually to his lips. He spoke it with anger and a sort of horror. McGinty was the name--Bodymaster McGinty. I asked him when he recovered who Bodymaster McGinty was, and whose body he was master of. 'Never of mine, thank God!' he answered with a laugh, and that was all I could get from him. But there is a connection between Bodymaster McGinty and the Valley of Fear.
###
Inspector MacDonald: There is one other point. You met Mr. Douglas in a boarding house in London, did you not, and became engaged to him there? Was there any romance, anything secret or mysterious, about the wedding?
Woman: There was romance. There is always romance. There was nothing mysterious. He had no rival? No, I was quite free.
Inspector MacDonald: You have heard, no doubt, that his wedding ring has been taken. Does that suggest anything to you? Suppose that some enemy of his old life had tracked him down and committed this crime, what possible reason could he have for taking his wedding ring?
Woman: I really cannot tell. It is certainly a most extraordinary thing.
Inspector MacDonald: Well, we will not detain you any longer, and we are sorry to have put you to this trouble at such a time. There are some other points, no doubt; but we can refer to you as they arise.
Inspector MacDonald: She's a beautiful woman--a very beautiful woman. This man Barker has certainly been down here a good deal. He is a man who might be attractive to a woman. He admits that the dead man was jealous, and maybe he knew best himself what cause he had for jealousy. Then there's that wedding ring. You can't get past that. The man who tears a wedding ring off a dead man's--What do you say to it, Mr. Holmes?
Holmes: Ames, where is Mr. Cecil Barker now?
Butler: I'll see, sir.
Butler: Barker is in the garden.
###
Watson: I'll see, sir.
Watson: Can you remember, Ames, what Mr. Barker had on his feet last night when you joined him in the study?
Ames: Yes, Mr. Holmes. He had a pair of bedroom slippers. I brought him his boots when he went for the police.
Holmes: Where are the slippers now?
Ames: They are still under the chair in the hall.
Holmes: Very good, Ames. It is, of course, important for us to know which tracks may be Mr. Barker's and which from outside.
Ames: Yes, sir. I may say that I noticed that the slippers were stained with blood--so indeed were my own.
Holmes: That is natural enough, considering the condition of the room. Very good, Ames. We will ring if we want you.
Holmes: Strange! Very strange indeed!
Holmes: Man, there's not a doubt of it! Barker has just marked the window himself. It's a good deal broader than any bootmark. I mind that you said it was a splay-foot, and here's the explanation. But what's the game, Mr. Holmes--what's the game?
Watson: Ay, what's the game?
Mason: I said it was a snorter! And a real snorter it is!
###
Holmes: I wish none of their confidences, Watson; for they are mighty awkward if it comes to an arrest for conspiracy and murder.
Watson: You think it will come to that?
Holmes: My dear Watson, when I have exterminated that fourth egg I shall be ready to put you in touch with the whole situation. I don't say that we have fathomed it--far from it--but when we have traced the missing dumb-bell--
Watson: The dumbbell!
Holmes: Dear me, Watson, is it possible that you have not penetrated the fact that the case hangs upon the missing dumb-bell? Well, well, you need not be downcast; for between ourselves I don't think that either Inspector Mac or the excellent local practitioner has grasped the overwhelming importance of this incident. One dumb-bell, Watson! Consider an athlete with one dumb-bell! Picture to yourself the unilateral development, the imminent danger of a spinal curvature. Shocking, Watson, shocking!
###
Holmes: A lie, Watson--a great, big, thumping, obtrusive, uncompromising lie--that's what meets us on the threshold! There is our starting point. The whole story told by Barker is a lie. But Barker's story is corroborated by Mrs. Douglas. Therefore she is lying also. They are both lying, and in a conspiracy. So now we have the clear problem. Why are they lying, and what is the truth which they are trying so hard to conceal? Let us try, Watson, you and I, if we can get behind the lie and reconstruct the truth.
Holmes: How do I know that they are lying? Because it is a clumsy fabrication which simply could not be true. Consider! According to the story given to us, the assassin had less than a minute after the murder had been committed to take that ring, which was under another ring, from the dead man's finger, to replace the other ring--a thing which he would surely never have done--and to put that singular card beside his victim. I say that this was obviously impossible. You may argue--but I have too much respect for your judgment, Watson, to think that you will do so--that the ring may have been taken before the man was killed. The fact that the candle had been lit only a short time shows that there had been no lengthy interview. Was Douglas, from what we hear of his fearless character, a man who would be likely to give up his wedding ring at such short notice, or could we conceive of his giving it up at all? No, no, Watson, the assassin was alone with the dead man for some time with the lamp lit. Of that I have no doubt at all.
###
Holmes: But the gunshot was apparently the cause of death. Therefore the shot must have been fired some time earlier than we are told. But there could be no mistake about such a matter as that. We are in the presence, therefore, of a deliberate conspiracy upon the part of the two people who heard the gunshot--of the man Barker and of the woman Douglas. When on the top of this I am able to show that the blood mark on the windowsill was deliberately placed there by Barker, in order to give a false clue to the police, you will admit that the case grows dark against him. Now we have to ask ourselves at what hour the murder actually did occur. Up to half-past ten the servants were moving about the house; so it was certainly not before that time. At a quarter to eleven they had all gone to their rooms with the exception of Ames, who was in the pantry. I have been trying some experiments after you left us this afternoon, and I find that no noise which MacDonald can make in the study can penetrate to me in the pantry when the doors are all shut. It is otherwise, however, from the housekeeper's room. It is not so far down the corridor, and from it I could vaguely hear a voice when it was very loudly raised. The sound from a shotgun is to some extent muffled when the discharge is at very close range, as it undoubtedly was in this instance. It would not be very loud, and yet in the silence of the night it should have easily penetrated to Mrs. Allen's room. She is, as she has told us, somewhat deaf; but none the less she mentioned in her evidence that she did hear something like a door slamming half an hour before the alarm was given. Half an hour before the alarm was given would be a quarter to eleven. I have no doubt that what she heard was the report of the gun, and that this was the real instant of the murder.
###
Holmes: If this is so, we have now to determine what Barker and Mrs. Douglas, presuming that they are not the actual murderers, could have been doing from quarter to eleven, when the sound of the shot brought them down, until quarter past eleven, when they rang the bell and summoned the servants. What were they doing, and why did they not instantly give the alarm? That is the question which faces us, and when it has been answered we shall surely have gone some way to solve our problem.
Watson: I am convinced myself that there is an understanding between those two people. She must be a heartless creature to sit laughing at some jest within a few hours of her husband's murder.
Holmes: Exactly. She does not shine as a wife even in her own account of what occurred. I am not a whole-souled admirer of womankind, as you are aware, Watson, but my experience of life has taught me that there are few wives, having any regard for their husbands, who would let any man's spoken word stand between them and that husband's dead body. Should I ever marry, Watson, I should hope to inspire my wife with some feeling which would prevent her from being walked off by a housekeeper when my corpse was lying within a few yards of her. It was badly stage-managed; for even the rawest investigators must be struck by the absence of the usual feminine ululation. If there had been nothing else, this incident alone would have suggested a prearranged conspiracy to my mind.
Watson: You think then, definitely, that Barker and Mrs. Douglas are guilty of the murder?
Holmes: There is an appalling directness about your questions, Watson, They come at me like bullets. If you put it that Mrs. Douglas and Barker know the truth about the murder, and are conspiring to conceal it, then I can give you a whole-souled answer. I am sure they do. But your more deadly proposition is not so clear. Let us for a moment consider the difficulties which stand in the way.
###
Holmes: We will suppose that this couple are united by the bonds of a guilty love, and that they have determined to get rid of the man who stands between them. It is a large supposition; for discreet inquiry among servants and others has failed to corroborate it in any way. On the contrary, there is a good deal of evidence that the Douglases were very attached to each other.
Watson: That, I am sure, cannot be true.
Holmes: Well at least they gave that impression. However, we will suppose that they are an extraordinarily astute couple, who deceive everyone upon this point, and conspire to murder the husband. He happens to be a man over whose head some danger hangs--
Watson: We have only their word for that.
Holmes: I see, Watson. You are sketching out a theory by which everything they say from the beginning is false. According to your idea, there was never any hidden menace, or secret society, or Valley of Fear, or Boss MacSomebody, or anything else. Well, that is a good sweeping generalization. Let us see what that brings us to. They invent this theory to account for the crime. They then play up to the idea by leaving this bicycle in the park as proof of the existence of some outsider. The stain on the windowsill conveys the same idea. So does the card on the body, which might have been prepared in the house. That all fits into your hypothesis, Watson. But now we come on the nasty, angular, uncompromising bits which won't slip into their places. Why a cut-off shotgun of all weapons--and an American one at that? How could they be so sure that the sound of it would not bring someone on to them? It's a mere chance as it is that Mrs. Allen did not start out to inquire for the slamming door. Why did your guilty couple do all this, Watson?
Watson: I confess that I can't explain it.
###
Holmes: I confess that I can't explain it.
Holmes: Then again, if a woman and her lover conspire to murder a husband, are they going to advertise their guilt by ostentatiously removing his wedding ring after his death? Does that strike you as very probable, Watson?
Watson: No, it does not.
Holmes: And once again, if the thought of leaving a bicycle concealed outside had occurred to you, would it really have seemed worth doing when the dullest detective would naturally say this is an obvious blind, as the bicycle is the first thing which the fugitive needed in order to make his escape.
Watson: I can conceive of no explanation.
Holmes: And yet there should be no combination of events for which the wit of man cannot conceive an explanation. Simply as a mental exercise, without any assertion that it is true, let me indicate a possible line of thought. It is, I admit, mere imagination; but how often is imagination the mother of truth? We will suppose that there was a guilty secret, a really shameful secret in the life of this man Douglas. This leads to his murder by someone who is, we will suppose, an avenger, someone from outside. This avenger, for some reason which I confess I am still at a loss to explain, took the dead man's wedding ring. The vendetta might conceivably date back to the man's first marriage, and the ring be taken for some such reason. Before this avenger got away, Barker and the wife had reached the room. The assassin convinced them that any attempt to arrest him would lead to the publication of some hideous scandal. They were converted to this idea, and preferred to let him go. For this purpose they probably lowered the bridge, which can be done quite noiselessly, and then raised it again. He made his escape, and for some reason thought that he could do so more safely on foot than on the bicycle. He therefore left his machine where it would not be discovered until he had got safely away. So far we are within the bounds of possibility, are we not?
Watson: Well, it is possible, no doubt, said I, with some reserve.
###
Watson: Well, it is possible, no doubt.
Holmes: We have to remember, Watson, that whatever occurred is certainly something very extraordinary. Well, now, to continue our supposititious case, the couple--not necessarily a guilty couple--realize after the murderer is gone that they have placed themselves in a position in which it may be difficult for them to prove that they did not themselves either do the deed or connive at it. They rapidly and rather clumsily met the situation. The mark was put by Barker's bloodstained slipper upon the window-sill to suggest how the fugitive got away. They obviously were the two who must have heard the sound of the gun; so they gave the alarm exactly as they would have done, but a good half hour after the event.
Watson: And how do you propose to prove all this?
Holmes: Well, if there were an outsider, he may be traced and taken. That would be the most effective of all proofs. But if not--well, the resources of science are far from being exhausted. I think that an evening alone in that study would help me much.
Watson: An evening alone!
Holmes: I propose to go up there presently. I have arranged it with the estimable Ames, who is by no means whole-hearted about Barker. I shall sit in that room and see if its atmosphere brings me inspiration. I'm a believer in the genius loci. You smile, Friend Watson. Well, we shall see. By the way, you have that big umbrella of yours, have you not?
Watson: It is here.
Holmes: Well, I'll borrow that if I may.
Watson: Certainly--but what a wretched weapon! If there is danger--
Holmes: Nothing serious, my dear Watson, or I should certainly ask for your assistance. But I'll take the umbrella. At present I am only awaiting the return of our colleagues from Tunbridge Wells, where they are at present engaged in trying for a likely owner to the bicycle.
Watson: It was nightfall before Inspector MacDonald and White Mason came back from their expedition, and they arrived exultant, reporting a great advance in our investigation.
###
MacDonald: Man, I'll admeet that I had my doubts if there was ever an outsider, but that's all past now. We've had the bicycle identified, and we have a description of our man; so that's a long step on our journey.
Holmes: It sounds to me like the beginning of the end. I'm sure I congratulate you both with all my heart.
MacDonald: Well, I started from the fact that Mr. Douglas had seemed disturbed since the day before, when he had been at Tunbridge Wells. It was at Tunbridge Wells then that he had become conscious of some danger. It was clear, therefore, that if a man had come over with a bicycle it was from Tunbridge Wells that he might be expected to have come. We took the bicycle over with us and showed it at the hotels. It was identified at once by the manager of the Eagle Commercial as belonging to a man named Hargrave, who had taken a room there two days before. This bicycle and a small valise were his whole belongings. He had registered his name as coming from London, but had given no address. The valise was London made, and the contents were British; but the man himself was undoubtedly an American.
Holmes: Well, well, you have indeed done some solid work while I have been sitting spinning theories with my friend! It's a lesson in being practical, Mr. Mac.
MacDonald: Ay, it's just that, Mr. Holmes.
Watson: But this may all fit in with your theories.
Holmes: That may or may not be. But let us hear the end, Mr. Mac. Was there nothing to identify this man?
###
Inspector: Ay, it's just that, Mr. Holmes
Watson: But this may all fit in with your theories
Mac: That may or may not be. But let us hear the end, Mr. Mac. Was there nothing to identify this man?
Mac: So little that it was evident that he had carefully guarded himself against identification. There were no papers or letters, and no marking upon the clothes. A cycle map of the county lay on his bedroom table. He had left the hotel after breakfast yesterday morning on his bicycle, and no more was heard of him until our inquiries.
White Mason: That's what puzzles me, Mr. Holmes. If the fellow did not want the hue and cry raised over him, one would imagine that he would have returned and remained at the hotel as an inoffensive tourist. As it is, he must know that he will be reported to the police by the hotel manager and that his disappearance will be connected with the murder.
Holmes: So one would imagine. Still, he has been justified of his wisdom up to date, at any rate, since he has not been taken. But his description--what of that?
MacDonald: Here we have it so far as they could give it. They don't seem to have taken any very particular stock of him; but still the porter, the clerk, and the chambermaid are all agreed that this about covers the points. He was a man about five foot nine in height, fifty or so years of age, his hair slightly grizzled, a grayish moustache, a curved nose, and a face which all of them described as fierce and forbidding.
Holmes: Well, bar the expression, that might almost be a description of Douglas himself. He is just over fifty, with grizzled hair and moustache, and about the same height. Did you get anything else?
MacDonald: He was dressed in a heavy gray suit with a reefer jacket, and he wore a short yellow overcoat and a soft cap.
Holmes: What about the shotgun?
MacDonald: It is less than two feet long. It could very well have fitted into his valise. He could have carried it inside his overcoat without difficulty.
###
Holmes: What about the shotgun?
MacDonald: It is less than two feet long. It could very well have fitted into his valise. He could have carried it inside his overcoat without difficulty.
Holmes: And how do you consider that all this bears upon the general case?
MacDonald: Well, Mr. Holmes, when we have got our man--and you may be sure that I had his description on the wires within five minutes of hearing it--we shall be better able to judge. But, even as it stands, we have surely gone a long way. We know that an American calling himself Hargrave came to Tunbridge Wells two days ago with bicycle and valise. In the latter was a sawed-off shotgun; so he came with the deliberate purpose of crime. Yesterday morning he set off for this place on his bicycle, with his gun concealed in his overcoat. No one saw him arrive, so far as we can learn; but he need not pass through the village to reach the park gates, and there are many cyclists upon the road. Presumably he at once concealed his cycle among the laurels where it was found, and possibly lurked there himself, with his eye on the house, waiting for Mr. Douglas to come out. The shotgun is a strange weapon to use inside a house; but he had intended to use it outside, and there it has very obvious advantages, as it would be impossible to miss with it, and the sound of shots is so common in an English sporting neighbourhood that no particular notice would be taken.
Holmes: That is all very clear.
###
Holmes: That is all very clear.
Holmes: Well, Mr. Mac, it is very good and very clear so far as it goes. That is your end of the story. My end is that the crime was committed half an hour earlier than reported; that Mrs. Douglas and Barker are both in a conspiracy to conceal something; that they aided the murderer's escape--or at least that they reached the room before he escaped--and that they fabricated evidence of his escape through the window, whereas in all probability they had themselves let him go by lowering the bridge. That's my reading of the first half.
London inspector: Well, Mr. Holmes, if this is true, we only tumble out of one mystery into another.
White Mason: And in some ways a worse one. The lady has never been in America in all her life. What possible connection could she have with an American assassin which would cause her to shelter him?
Holmes: I freely admit the difficulties. I propose to make a little investigation of my own to-night, and it is just possible that it may contribute something to the common cause.
###
Holmes: I freely admit the difficulties. I propose to make a little investigation of my own to-night, and it is just possible that it may contribute something to the common cause.
Watson: Can we help you, Mr. Holmes?
Holmes: No, no! Darkness and Dr. Watson's umbrella--my wants are simple. And Ames, the faithful Ames, no doubt he will stretch a point for me. All my lines of thought lead me back invariably to the one basic question--why should an athletic man develop his frame upon so unnatural an instrument as a single dumb-bell?
Watson: Well, Holmes, have you found anything out?
Holmes: I say, Watson, would you be afraid to sleep in the same room with a lunatic, a man with softening of the brain, an idiot whose mind has lost its grip?
Watson: Not in the least.
Holmes: Ah, that's lucky.
Holmes: Still on the track of the elusive bicyclist? What is the latest news of the ruffian?
MacDonald: points ruefully to his heap of correspondence.
###
Holmes: Still on the track of the elusive bicyclist? What is the latest news of the ruffian?
MacDonald: He is at present reported from Leicester, Nottingham, Southampton, Derby, East Ham, Richmond, and fourteen other places. In three of them--East Ham, Leicester, and Liverpool--there is a clear case against him, and he has actually been arrested. The country seems to be full of the fugitives with yellow coats.
Holmes: Dear me! Now, Mr. Mac and you, Mr. White Mason, I wish to give you a very earnest piece of advice. When I went into this case with you I bargained, as you will no doubt remember, that I should not present you with half-proved theories, but that I should retain and work out my own ideas until I had satisfied myself that they were correct. For this reason I am not at the present moment telling you all that is in my mind. On the other hand, I said that I would play the game fairly by you, and I do not think it is a fair game to allow you for one unnecessary moment to waste your energies upon a profitless task. Therefore I am here to advise you this morning, and my advice to you is summed up in three words--abandon the case.
MacDonald: You consider it hopeless!
Holmes: I consider your case to be hopeless. I do not consider that it is hopeless to arrive at the truth.
MacDonald: But this cyclist. He is not an invention. We have his description, his valise, his bicycle. The fellow must be somewhere. Why should we not get him?
Holmes: Yes, yes, no doubt he is somewhere, and no doubt we shall get him; but I would not have you waste your energies in East Ham or Liverpool. I am sure that we can find some shorter cut to a result.
Inspector: You are holding something back. It's hardly fair of you, Mr. Holmes.
###
Inspector: You are holding something back. It's hardly fair of you, Mr. Holmes.
Holmes: You know my methods of work, Mr. Mac. But I will hold it back for the shortest time possible. I only wish to verify my details in one way, which can very readily be done, and then I make my bow and return to London, leaving my results entirely at your service. I owe you too much to act otherwise; for in all my experience I cannot recall any more singular and interesting study.
Inspector: This is clean beyond me, Mr. Holmes. We saw you when we returned from Tunbridge Wells last night, and you were in general agreement with our results. What has happened since then to give you a completely new idea of the case?
Holmes: Well, since you ask me, I spent, as I told you that I would, some hours last night at the Manor House.
Inspector: Well, what happened?
Holmes: Ah, I can only give you a very general answer to that for the moment. By the way, I have been reading a short but clear and interesting account of the old building, purchasable at the modest sum of one penny from the local tobacconist. It immensely adds to the zest of an investigation, my dear Mr. Mac, when one is in conscious sympathy with the historical atmosphere of one's surroundings. Don't look so impatient; for I assure you that even so bald an account as this raises some sort of picture of the past in one's mind. Permit me to give you a sample. 'Erected in the fifth year of the reign of James I, and standing upon the site of a much older building, the Manor House of Birlstone presents one of the finest surviving examples of the moated Jacobean residence--'
Inspector: You are making fools of us, Mr. Holmes!
###
Mac: You are making fools of us, Mr. Holmes!
Holmes: Tut, tut, Mr. Mac!--the first sign of temper I have detected in you. Well, I won't read it verbatim, since you feel so strongly upon the subject. But when I tell you that there is some account of the taking of the place by a parliamentary colonel in 1644, of the concealment of Charles for several days in the course of the Civil War, and finally of a visit there by the second George, you will admit that there are various associations of interest connected with this ancient house.
Mac: I don't doubt it, Mr. Holmes; but that is no business of ours.
Holmes: Is it not? Is it not? Breadth of view, my dear Mr. Mac, is one of the essentials of our profession. The interplay of ideas and the oblique uses of knowledge are often of extraordinary interest. You will excuse these remarks from one who, though a mere connoisseur of crime, is still rather older and perhaps more experienced than yourself.
Mac: I'm the first to admit that, You get to your point, I admit; but you have such a deuced round-the-corner way of doing it.
Holmes: Well, well, I'll drop past history and get down to present-day facts. I called last night, as I have already said, at the Manor House. I did not see either Barker or Mrs. Douglas. I saw no necessity to disturb them; but I was pleased to hear that the lady was not visibly pining and that she had partaken of an excellent dinner. My visit was specially made to the good Mr. Ames, with whom I exchanged some amiabilities, which culminated in his allowing me, without reference to anyone else, to sit alone for a time in the study.
Watson: What! With that?
Holmes: No, no, everything is now in order. You gave permission for that, Mr. Mac, as I am informed. The room was in its normal state, and in it I passed an instructive quarter of an hour.
Watson: What were you doing?
Holmes: Well, not to make a mystery of so simple a matter, I was looking for the missing dumb-bell. It has always bulked rather large in my estimate of the case. I ended by finding it.
###
Holmes: What were you doing?
Watson: Well, not to make a mystery of so simple a matter, I was looking for the missing dumb-bell. It has always bulked rather large in my estimate of the case. I ended by finding it.
Holmes: Where?
Watson: Ah, there we come to the edge of the unexplored. Let me go a little further, a very little further, and I will promise that you shall share everything that I know.
Inspector: Well, we're bound to take you on your own terms, but when it comes to telling us to abandon the case--why in the name of goodness should we abandon the case?
Holmes: For the simple reason, my dear Mr. Mac, that you have not got the first idea what it is that you are investigating.
Inspector: We are investigating the murder of Mr. John Douglas of Birlstone Manor.
Holmes: Yes, yes, so you are. But don't trouble to trace the mysterious gentleman upon the bicycle. I assure you that it won't help you.
Inspector: Then what do you suggest that we do?
Holmes: I will tell you exactly what to do, if you will do it.
Inspector: Well, I'm bound to say I've always found you had reason behind all your queer ways. I'll do what you advise.
Holmes: And you, Mr. White Mason?
White Mason: Well, if it is good enough for the inspector, it is good enough for me.
Holmes: Capital! Well, then, I should recommend a nice, cheery country walk for both of you. They tell me that the views from Birlstone Ridge over the Weald are very remarkable. No doubt lunch could be got at some suitable hostelry; though my ignorance of the country prevents me from recommending one. In the evening, tired but happy--
MacDonald: Man, this is getting past a joke!
Holmes: Well, well, spend the day as you like, Do what you like and go where you will, but meet me here before dusk without fail--without fail, Mr. Mac.
MacDonald: That sounds more like sanity.
###
Holmes: Well, well, spend the day as you like. Do what you like and go where you will, but meet me here before dusk without fail--without fail, Mr. Mac.
Mac: That sounds more like sanity.
Holmes: All of it was excellent advice; but I don't insist, so long as you are here when I need you. But now, before we part, I want you to write a note to Mr. Barker.
Mac: Well?
Holmes: I'll dictate it, if you like. Ready? Dear Sir: It has struck me that it is our duty to drain the moat, in the hope that we may find something which may bear upon our investigation. I have made arrangements, and the workmen will be at work early tomorrow morning diverting the stream--diverting the stream; so I thought it best to explain matters beforehand. Now sign that, and send it by hand about four o'clock. At that hour we shall meet again in this room. Until then we may each do what we like; for I can assure you that this inquiry has come to a definite pause.
Inspector: Impossible!
Holmes: Tut, tut! My dear sir, please do what I ask you. Well, go on.
Holmes: Now sign that, and send it by hand about four o'clock. At that hour we shall meet again in this room. Until then we may each do what we like; for I can assure you that this inquiry has come to a definite pause.
Holmes: Well, gentlemen, I am asking you now to put everything to the test with me, and you will judge for yourselves whether the observations I have made justify the conclusions to which I have come. It is a chill evening, and I do not know how long our expedition may last; so I beg that you will wear your warmest coats. It is of the first importance that we should be in our places before it grows dark; so with your permission we shall get started at once.
###
Watson: Well, what are we to do now?
MacDonald: Possess our souls in patience and make as little noise as possible.
MacDonald: What are we here for at all? I really think that you might treat us with more frankness.
Holmes: Watson insists that I am the dramatist in real life. Some touch of the artist wells up within me, and calls insistently for a well-staged performance. Surely our profession, Mr. Mac, would be a drab and sordid one if we did not sometimes set the scene so as to glorify our results. The blunt accusation, the brutal tap upon the shoulder--what can one make of such a dnouement? But the quick inference, the subtle trap, the clever forecast of coming events, the triumphant vindication of bold theories--are these not the pride and the justification of our life's work? At the present moment you thrill with the glamour of the situation and the anticipation of the hunt. Where would be that thrill if I had been as definite as a timetable? I only ask a little patience, Mr. Mac, and all will be clear to you.
MacDonald: Well, I hope the pride and justification and the rest of it will come before we all get our death of cold.
###
London detective: Well, I hope the pride and justification and the rest of it will come before we all get our death of cold.
Inspector: How long is this to last? And what is it we are watching for?
Holmes: I have no more notion than you how long it is to last. If criminals would always schedule their movements like railway trains, it would certainly be more convenient for all of us. As to what it is we--Well, that's what we are watching for!
Holmes: Now! Now!
###
Holmes: Now! Now!
Holmes: What the devil is the meaning of all this? What are you after, anyhow?
Holmes: This is what we are after, Mr. Barker--this bundle, weighted with a dumb-bell, which you have just raised from the bottom of the moat.
Barker: How in thunder came you to know anything about it?
Holmes: Simply that I put it there.
Holmes: Perhaps I should have said 'replaced it there,' You will remember, Inspector MacDonald, that I was somewhat struck by the absence of a dumb-bell. I drew your attention to it; but with the pressure of other events you had hardly the time to give it the consideration which would have enabled you to draw deductions from it. When water is near and a weight is missing it is not a very far-fetched supposition that something has been sunk in the water. The idea was at least worth testing; so with the help of Ames, who admitted me to the room, and the crook of Dr. Watson's umbrella, I was able last night to fish up and inspect this bundle.
###
Holmes: It was of the first importance, however, that we should be able to prove who placed it there. This we accomplished by the very obvious device of announcing that the moat would be dried tomorrow, which had, of course, the effect that whoever had hidden the bundle would most certainly withdraw it the moment that darkness enabled him to do so. We have no less than four witnesses as to who it was who took advantage of the opportunity, and so, Mr. Barker, I think the word lies now with you.
Holmes: American, as you perceive.
Holmes: American, as you perceive.
Holmes: American, as you perceive.
###
Holmes: The clothes are commonplace, save only the overcoat, which is full of suggestive touches. Here, as you perceive, is the inner pocket prolonged into the lining in such fashion as to give ample space for the truncated fowling piece. The tailor's tab is on the neck--'Neal, Outfitter, Vermissa, U. S. A.' I have spent an instructive afternoon in the rector's library, and have enlarged my knowledge by adding the fact that Vermissa is a flourishing little town at the head of one of the best known coal and iron valleys in the United States. I have some recollection, Mr. Barker, that you associated the coal districts with Mr. Douglas's first wife, and it would surely not be too far-fetched an inference that the V. V. upon the card by the dead body might stand for Vermissa Valley, or that this very valley which sends forth emissaries of murder may be that Valley of Fear of which we have heard. So much is fairly clear. And now, Mr. Barker, I seem to be standing rather in the way of your explanation.
Barker: You know such a lot, Mr. Holmes, perhaps you had better tell us some more.
Holmes: I have no doubt that I could tell you a great deal more, Mr. Barker; but it would come with a better grace from you.
Barker: Oh, you think so, do you? Well, all I can say is that if there's any secret here it is not my secret, and I am not the man to give it away.
Inspector: Well, if you take that line, Mr. Barker, we must just keep you in sight until we have the warrant and can hold you.
Barker: You can do what you damn please about that.
###
Inspector: Well, if you take that line, Mr. Barker, we must just keep you in sight until we have the warrant and can hold you.
Barker: You can do what you damn please about that.
Narrator: The proceedings seemed to have come to a definite end so far as he was concerned; for one had only to look at that granite face to realize that no peine forte et dure would ever force him to plead against his will.
Mrs. Douglas: You have done enough for now, Cecil. Whatever comes of it in the future, you have done enough.
Holmes: Enough and more than enough. I have every sympathy with you, madam, and should strongly urge you to have some confidence in the common sense of our jurisdiction and to take the police voluntarily into your complete confidence. It may be that I am myself at fault for not following up the hint which you conveyed to me through my friend, Dr. Watson; but, at that time I had every reason to believe that you were directly concerned in the crime. Now I am assured that this is not so. At the same time, there is much that is unexplained, and I should strongly recommend that you ask Mr. Douglas to tell us his own story.
Mrs. Douglas: It's best this way, Jack, I am sure that it is best.
Holmes: Indeed, yes, Mr. Douglas, I am sure that you will find it best.
###
Wife: It's best this way, Jack, I am sure that it is best.
Holmes: Indeed, yes, Mr. Douglas, I am sure that you will find it best.
Douglas: I've heard of you, You are the historian of this bunch. Well, Dr. Watson, you've never had such a story as that pass through your hands before, and I'll lay my last dollar on that. Tell it your own way; but there are the facts, and you can't miss the public so long as you have those. I've been cooped up two days, and I've spent the daylight hours--as much daylight as I could get in that rat trap--in putting the thing into words. You're welcome to them--you and your public. There's the story of the Valley of Fear.
Holmes: That's the past, Mr. Douglas, What we desire now is to hear your story of the present.
Douglas: You'll have it, sir, May I smoke as I talk? Well, thank you, Mr. Holmes. You're a smoker yourself, if I remember right, and you'll guess what it is to be sitting for two days with tobacco in your pocket and afraid that the smell will give you away. I've heard of you, Mr. Holmes. I never guessed that I should meet you. But before you are through with that, you will say I've brought you something fresh.
###
MacDonald: Well, this fairly beats me! If you are Mr. John Douglas of Birlstone Manor, then whose death have we been investigating for these two days, and where in the world have you sprung from now? You seemed to me to come out of the floor like a jack-in-a-box.
Holmes: Ah, Mr. Mac, you would not read that excellent local compilation which described the concealment of King Charles. People did not hide in those days without excellent hiding places, and the hiding place that has once been used may be again. I had persuaded myself that we should find Mr. Douglas under this roof.
MacDonald: And how long have you been playing this trick upon us, Mr. Holmes? How long have you allowed us to waste ourselves upon a search that you knew to be an absurd one?
Holmes: Not one instant, my dear Mr. Mac. Only last night did I form my views of the case. As they could not be put to the proof until this evening, I invited you and your colleague to take a holiday for the day. Pray what more could I do? When I found the suit of clothes in the moat, it at once became apparent to me that the body we had found could not have been the body of Mr. John Douglas at all, but must be that of the bicyclist from Tunbridge Wells. No other conclusion was possible. Therefore I had to determine where Mr. John Douglas himself could be, and the balance of probability was that with the connivance of his wife and his friend he was concealed in a house which had such conveniences for a fugitive, and awaiting quieter times when he could make his final escape.
###
Baldwin: My rings were put on his finger; but when it came to the wedding ring, you can see for yourselves that I had struck the limit. I have not moved it since the day I was married, and it would have taken a file to get it off. I don't know, anyhow, that I should have cared to part with it; but if I had wanted to I couldn't. So we just had to leave that detail to take care of itself. On the other hand, I brought a bit of plaster down and put it where I am wearing one myself at this instant. You slipped up there, Mr. Holmes, clever as you are; for if you had chanced to take off that plaster you would have found no cut underneath it. Well, that was the situation. If I could lie low for a while and then get away where I could be joined by my 'widow' we should have a chance at last of living in peace for the rest of our lives. These devils would give me no rest so long as I was above ground; but if they saw in the papers that Baldwin had got his man, there would be an end of all my troubles. I hadn't much time to make it all clear to Barker and to my wife; but they understood enough to be able to help me. I knew all about this hiding place, so did Ames; but it never entered his head to connect it with the matter. I retired into it, and it was up to Barker to do the rest. I guess you can fill in for yourselves what he did. He opened the window and made the mark on the sill to give an idea of how the murderer escaped. It was a tall order, that; but as the bridge was up there was no other way. Then, when everything was fixed, he rang the bell for all he was worth. What happened afterward you know. And so, gentlemen, you can do what you please; but I've told you the truth and the whole truth, so help me God! What I ask you now is how do I stand by the English law?
Holmes: There was a silence which was broken by Sherlock Holmes.
###
Holmes: The English law is in the main a just law. You will get no worse than your deserts from that, Mr. Douglas. But I would ask you how did this man know that you lived here, or how to get into your house, or where to hide to get you?
Douglas: I know nothing of this.
Holmes: The story is not over yet, I fear. You may find worse dangers than the English law, or even than your enemies from America. I see trouble before you, Mr. Douglas. You'll take my advice and still be on your guard.
###
Narrator: McGinty met his fate upon the scaffold, cringing and whining when the last hour came. Eight of his chief followers shared his fate. Fifty-odd had various degrees of imprisonment. The work of Birdy Edwards was complete.
Narrator: And yet, as he had guessed, the game was not over yet. There was another hand to be played, and yet another and another. Ted Baldwin, for one, had escaped the scaffold; so had the Willabys; so had several others of the fiercest spirits of the gang. For ten years they were out of the world, and then came a day when they were free once more--a day which Edwards, who knew his men, was very sure would be an end of his life of peace. They had sworn an oath on all that they thought holy to have his blood as a vengeance for their comrades. And well they strove to keep their vow!
Narrator: From Chicago he was chased, after two attempts so near success that it was sure that the third would get him. From Chicago he went under a changed name to California, and it was there that the light went for a time out of his life when Ettie Edwards died. Once again he was nearly killed, and once again under the name of Douglas he worked in a lonely canyon, where with an English partner named Barker he amassed a fortune. At last there came a warning to him that the bloodhounds were on his track once more, and he cleared--only just in time--for England. And thence came the John Douglas who for a second time married a worthy mate, and lived for five years as a Sussex county gentleman, a life which ended with the strange happenings of which we have heard.
Narrator: The police trial had passed, in which the case of John Douglas was referred to a higher court. So had the Quarter Sessions, at which he was acquitted as having acted in self-defense.
Holmes: Get him out of England at any cost. There are forces here which may be more dangerous than those he has escaped. There is no safety for your husband in England.
###
Holmes: Get him out of England at any cost. There are forces here which may be more dangerous than those he has escaped. There is no safety for your husband in England.
Holmes: Deviltry, Watson!
Watson: Dear me, Mr. Holmes. Dear me!
Holmes: I feared as much.
Barker: I've had bad news--terrible news, Mr. Holmes.
Holmes: You have not had a cable, have you?
Barker: It's poor Douglas. They tell me his name is Edwards; but he will always be Jack Douglas of Benito Canyon to me. I told you that they started together for South Africa in the Palmyra three weeks ago.
Holmes: Exactly.
Barker: Jack has been lost overboard in gale off St. Helena. No one knows how accident occurred. Ivy Douglas.
Holmes: Ha! It came like that, did it? Well, I've no doubt it was well stage-managed.
Barker: He was murdered?
Holmes: Surely! So I think also. These infernal Scowrers, this cursed vindictive nest of criminals-- No, no, my good sir. There is a master hand here. It is no case of sawed-off shot-guns and clumsy six-shooters. You can tell an old master by the sweep of his brush. I can tell a Moriarty when I see one. This crime is from London, not from America.
###
Holmes: Because it is done by a man who cannot afford to fail--one whose whole unique position depends upon the fact that all he does must succeed. A great brain and a huge organization have been turned to the extinction of one man. It is crushing the nut with the hammer--an absurd extravagance of energy--but the nut is very effectually crushed all the same.
Watson: How came this man to have anything to do with it?
Holmes: I can only say that the first word that ever came to us of the business was from one of his lieutenants. These Americans were well advised. Having an English job to do, they took into partnership, as any foreign criminal could do, this great consultant in crime. From that moment their man was doomed. At first he would content himself by using his machinery in order to find their victim. Then he would indicate how the matter might be treated. Finally, when he read in the reports of the failure of this agent, he would step in himself with a master touch. You heard me warn this man at Birlstone Manor House that the coming danger was greater than the past. Was I right?
Barker: Do you tell me that we have to sit down under this? Do you say that no one can ever get level with this king-devil?
Holmes: No, I don't say that. I don't say that he can't be beat. But you must give me time--you must give me time!
###
Watson: I suppose, Watson, we must look upon you as a man of letters. How do you define the word 'grotesque'?
Watson: Strange-remarkable, I suggested.
Holmes: He shook his head at my definition.
###
Holmes: I suppose, Watson, we must look upon you as a man of letters. How do you define the word 'grotesque'?
Watson: Strange-remarkable.
Holmes: There is surely something more than that, some underlying suggestion of the tragic and the terrible. If you cast your mind back to some of those narratives with which you have afflicted a long-suffering public, you will recognize how often the grotesque has deepened into the criminal. Think of that little affair of the red-headed men. That was grotesque enough in the outset, and yet it ended in a desperate attempt at robbery. Or, again, there was that most grotesque affair of the five orange pips, which led straight to a murderous conspiracy. The word puts me on the alert.
Watson: Have you it there?
Holmes: Have just had most incredible and grotesque experience. May I consult you? "Scott Eccles, "Post Office, Charing Cross."
Watson: Man or woman?
Holmes: Oh, man, of course. No woman would ever send a reply-paid telegram. She would have come.
Watson: Will you see him?
Holmes: My dear Watson, you know how bored I have been since we locked up Colonel Carruthers. My mind is like a racing engine, tearing itself to pieces because it is not connected up with the work for which it was built. Life is commonplace, the papers are sterile; audacity and romance seem to have passed forever from the criminal world. Can you ask me, then, whether I am ready to look into any new problem, however trivial it may prove? But here, unless I am mistaken, is our client.
###
Narrator: A measured step was heard upon the stairs, and a moment later a stout, tall, gray-whiskered and solemnly respectable person was ushered into the room. His life history was written in his heavy features and pompous manner. From his spats to his gold-rimmed spectacles he was a Conservative, a churchman, a good citizen, orthodox and conventional to the last degree. But some amazing experience had disturbed his native composure and left its traces in his bristling hair, his flushed, angry cheeks, and his flurried, excited manner. He plunged instantly into his business.
Scott Eccles: I have had a most singular and unpleasant experience, Mr. Holmes, said he. "Never in my life have I been placed in such a situation. It is most improper--most outrageous. I must insist upon some explanation." He swelled and puffed in his anger.
Holmes: Pray sit down, Mr. Scott Eccles, said Holmes in a soothing voice. "May I ask, in the first place, why you came to me at all?"
Scott Eccles: Well, sir, it did not appear to be a matter which concerned the police, and yet, when you have heard the facts, you must admit that I could not leave it where it was. Private detectives are a class with whom I have absolutely no sympathy, but none the less, having heard your name--
Holmes: Quite so. But, in the second place, why did you not come at once?
Scott Eccles: What do you mean?
Holmes: It is a quarter-past two. Your telegram was dispatched about one. But no one can glance at your toilet and attire without seeing that your disturbance dates from the moment of your waking.
Scott Eccles: You are right, Mr. Holmes. I never gave a thought to my toilet. I was only too glad to get out of such a house. But I have been running round making inquiries before I came to you. I went to the house agents, you know, and they said that Mr. Garcia's rent was paid up all right and that everything was in order at Wisteria Lodge.
###
Holmes: Come, come, sir, You are like my friend, Dr. Watson, who has a bad habit of telling his stories wrong end foremost. Please arrange your thoughts and let me know, in their due sequence, exactly what those events are which have sent you out unbrushed and unkempt, with dress boots and waistcoat buttoned awry, in search of advice and assistance.
Client: I'm sure it must look very bad, Mr. Holmes, and I am not aware that in my whole life such a thing has ever happened before. But will tell you the whole queer business, and when I have done so you will admit, I am sure, that there has been enough to excuse me.
Holmes: We are hunting together, Mr. Holmes, and our trail lay in this direction. Are you Mr. John Scott Eccles, of Popham House, Lee?
Client: I am.
Gregson: We have been following you about all the morning. You traced him through the telegram, no doubt.
Holmes: Exactly, Mr. Holmes. We picked up the scent at Charing Cross Post-Office and came on here.
Client: But why do you follow me? What do you want?
Gregson: We wish a statement, Mr. Scott Eccles, as to the events which let up to the death last night of Mr. Aloysius Garcia, of Wisteria Lodge, near Esher.
Client: Dead? Did you say he was dead?
Gregson: Yes, sir, he is dead.
Client: But how? An accident?
Gregson: Murder, if ever there was one upon earth.
Client: Good God! This is awful! You don't mean--you don't mean that I am suspected?
###
Watson: Dead? Did you say he was dead?
Gregson: Yes, sir, he is dead.
Watson: But how? An accident?
Gregson: Murder, if ever there was one upon earth.
Watson: Good God! This is awful! You don't mean--you don't mean that I am suspected?
Gregson: A letter of yours was found in the dead man's pocket, and we know by it that you had planned to pass last night at his house.
Watson: So I did.
Gregson: Oh, you did, did you?
Holmes: Wait a bit, Gregson. All you desire is a plain statement, is it not?
Gregson: And it is my duty to warn Mr. Scott Eccles that it may be used against him.
Holmes: Mr. Eccles was going to tell us about it when you entered the room. I think, Watson, a brandy and soda would do him no harm. Now, sir, I suggest that you take no notice of this addition to your audience, and that you proceed with your narrative exactly as you would have done had you never been interrupted.
Scott Eccles: I am a bachelor, and being of a sociable turn I cultivate a large number of friends. Among these are the family of a retired brewer called Melville, living at Abermarle Mansion, Kensington. It was at his table that I met some weeks ago a young fellow named Garcia. He was, I understood, of Spanish descent and connected in some way with the embassy. He spoke perfect English, was pleasing in his manners, and as good-looking a man as ever I saw in my life. In some way we struck up quite a friendship, this young fellow and I. He seemed to take a fancy to me from the first, and within two days of our meeting he came to see me at Lee. One thing led to another, and it ended in his inviting me out to spend a few days at his house, Wisteria Lodge, between Esher and Oxshott. Yesterday evening I went to Esher to fulfil this engagement.
###
Watson: One thing comes back to my memory which may have a bearing upon the business that you two gentlemen are investigating. I thought nothing of it at the time. Near the end of dinner a note was handed in by the servant. I noticed that after my host had read it he seemed even more distrait and strange than before. He gave up all pretence at conversation and sat, smoking endless cigarettes, lost in his own thoughts, but he made no remark as to the contents. About eleven I was glad to go to bed. Some time later Garcia looked in at my door--the room was dark at the time--and asked me if I had rung. I said that I had not. He apologized for having disturbed me so late, saying that it was nearly one o'clock. I dropped off after this and slept soundly all night. And now I come to the amazing part of my tale. When I woke it was broad daylight. I glanced at my watch, and the time was nearly nine. I had particularly asked to be called at eight, so I was very much astonished at this forgetfulness. I sprang up and rang for the servant. There was no response. I rang again and again, with the same result. Then I came to the conclusion that the bell was out of order. I huddled on my clothes and hurried downstairs in an exceedingly bad temper to order some hot water. You can imagine my surprise when I found that there was no one there. I shouted in the hall. There was no answer. Then I ran from room to room. All were deserted. My host had shown me which was his bedroom the night before, so I knocked at the door. No reply. I turned the handle and walked in. The room was empty, and the bed had never been slept in. He had gone with the rest. The foreign host, the foreign footman, the foreign cook, all had vanished in the night! That was the end of my visit to Wisteria Lodge.
Holmes: Your experience is, so far as I know, perfectly unique. May I ask, sir, what you did then?
###
Holmes: Your experience is, so far as I know, perfectly unique. May I ask, sir, what you did then?
Scott Eccles: I was furious. My first idea was that I had been the victim of some absurd practical joke. I packed my things, banged the hall door behind me, and set off for Esher, with my bag in my hand. I called at Allan Brothers', the chief land agents in the village, and found that it was from this firm that the villa had been rented. It struck me that the whole proceeding could hardly be for the purpose of making a fool of me, and that the main object must be to get out of the rent. It is late in March, so quarter-day is at hand. But this theory would not work. The agent was obliged to me for my warning, but told me that the rent had been paid in advance. Then I made my way to town and called at the Spanish embassy. The man was unknown there. After this I went to see Melville, at whose house I had first met Garcia, but I found that he really knew rather less about him than I did. Finally when I got your reply to my wire I came out to you, since I gather that you are a person who gives advice in difficult cases. But now, Mr. Inspector, I understand, from what you said when you entered the room, that you can carry the story on, and that some tragedy had occurred. I can assure you that every word I have said is the truth, and that, outside of what I have told you, I know absolutely nothing about the fate of this man. My only desire is to help the law in every possible way.
Gregson: I am sure of it, Mr. Scott Eccles--I am sure of it. I am bound to say that everything which you have said agrees very closely with the facts as they have come to our notice. For example, there was that note which arrived during dinner. Did you chance to observe what became of it?
Scott Eccles: Yes, I did. Garcia rolled it up and threw it into the fire.
###
Holmes: Yes, I did. Garcia rolled it up and threw it into the fire.
Holmes: What do you say to that, Mr. Baynes?
Baynes: It was a dog-grate, Mr. Holmes, and he overpitched it. I picked this out unburned from the back of it.
Holmes: You must have examined the house very carefully to find a single pellet of paper.
Baynes: I did, Mr. Holmes. It's my way. Shall I read it, Mr. Gregson?
Gregson: The note is written upon ordinary cream-laid paper without watermark. It is a quarter-sheet. The paper is cut off in two snips with a short-bladed scissors. It has been folded over three times and sealed with purple wax, put on hurriedly and pressed down with some flat oval object. It is addressed to Mr. Garcia, Wisteria Lodge. It says: "Our own colours, green and white. Green open, white shut. Main stair, first corridor, seventh right, green baize. Godspeed. D." It is a woman's writing, done with a sharp-pointed pen, but the address is either done with another pen or by someone else. It is thicker and bolder, as you see.
Holmes: A very remarkable note. I must compliment you, Mr. Baynes, upon your attention to detail in your examination of it. A few trifling points might perhaps be added. The oval seal is undoubtedly a plain sleeve-link--what else is of such a shape? The scissors were bent nail scissors. Short as the two snips are, you can distinctly see the same slight curve in each.
Baynes: I thought I had squeezed all the juice out of it, but I see there was a little over. I'm bound to say that I make nothing of the note except that there was something on hand, and that a woman, as usual, was at the bottom of it.
###
Holmes: I thought I had squeezed all the juice out of it, but I see there was a little over. I'm bound to say that I make nothing of the note except that there was something on hand, and that a woman, as usual, was at the bottom of it.
Scott Eccles: I am glad you found the note, since it corroborates my story. But I beg to point out that I have not yet heard what has happened to Mr. Garcia, nor what has become of his household.
Gregson: As to Garcia, that is easily answered. He was found dead this morning upon Oxshott Common, nearly a mile from his home. His head had been smashed to pulp by heavy blows of a sandbag or some such instrument, which had crushed rather than wounded. It is a lonely corner, and there is no house within a quarter of a mile of the spot. He had apparently been struck down first from behind, but his assailant had gone on beating him long after he was dead. It was a most furious assault. There are no footsteps nor any clue to the criminals.
Scott Eccles: Robbed?
Gregson: No, there was no attempt at robbery.
Scott Eccles: This is very painful--very painful and terrible, but it is really uncommonly hard on me. I had nothing to do with my host going off upon a nocturnal excursion and meeting so sad an end. How do I come to be mixed up with the case?
Inspector Baynes: Very simply, sir. The only document found in the pocket of the deceased was a letter from you saying that you would be with him on the night of his death. It was the envelope of this letter which gave us the dead man's name and address. It was after nine this morning when we reached his house and found neither you nor anyone else inside it. I wired to Mr. Gregson to run you down in London while I examined Wisteria Lodge. Then I came into town, joined Mr. Gregson, and here we are.
###
Gregson: I think now we had best put this matter into an official shape. You will come round with us to the station, Mr. Scott Eccles, and let us have your statement in writing.
Scott Eccles: Certainly, I will come at once. But I retain your services, Mr. Holmes. I desire you to spare no expense and no pains to get at the truth.
Holmes: I suppose that you have no objection to my collaborating with you, Mr. Baynes?
Baynes: Highly honoured, sir, I am sure. You appear to have been very prompt and businesslike in all that you have done. Was there any clue, may I ask, as to the exact hour that the man met his death?
Baynes: He had been there since one o'clock. There was rain about that time, and his death had certainly been before the rain.
Scott Eccles: But that is perfectly impossible, Mr. Baynes. His voice is unmistakable. I could swear to it that it was he who addressed me in my bedroom at that very hour.
Holmes: Remarkable, but by no means impossible. You have a clue?
Gregson: On the face of it the case is not a very complex one, though it certainly presents some novel and interesting features. A further knowledge of facts is necessary before I would venture to give a final and definite opinion. By the way, Mr. Baynes, did you find anything remarkable besides this note in your examination of the house?
Baynes: There were one or two very remarkable things. Perhaps when I have finished at the police-station you would care to come out and give me your opinion of them.
Holmes: In am entirely at your service. You will show these gentlemen out, Mrs. Hudson, and kindly send the boy with this telegram. He is to pay a five-shilling reply. We sat for some time in silence after our visitors had left. Holmes smoked hard, with his browns drawn down over his keen eyes, and his head thrust forward in the eager way characteristic of the man.
###
Holmes: Well, Watson, what do you make of it?
Watson: I can make nothing of this mystification of Scott Eccles.
Holmes: But the crime?
Watson: Well, taken with the disappearance of the man's companions, I should say that they were in some way concerned in the murder and had fled from justice.
Holmes: That is certainly a possible point of view. On the face of it you must admit, however, that it is very strange that his two servants should have been in a conspiracy against him and should have attacked him on the one night when he had a guest. They had him alone at their mercy every other night in the week.
Watson: Then why did they fly?
Holmes: Quite so. Why did they fly? There is a big fact. Another big fact is the remarkable experience of our client, Scott Eccles. Now, my dear Watson, is it beyond the limits of human ingenuity to furnish an explanation which would cover both of these big facts? If it were one which would also admit of the mysterious note with its very curious phraseology, why, then it would be worth accepting as a temporary hypothesis. If the fresh facts which come to our knowledge all fit themselves into the scheme, then our hypothesis may gradually become a solution.
Watson: But what is our hypothesis?
Holmes: You must admit, my dear Watson, that the idea of a joke is impossible. There were grave events afoot, as the sequel showed, and the coaxing of Scott Eccles to Wisteria Lodge had some connection with them.
Watson: But what possible connection?
###
Holmes: You must admit, my dear Watson, that the idea of a joke is impossible. There were grave events afoot, as the sequel showed, and the coaxing of Scott Eccles to Wisteria Lodge had some connection with them.
Watson: But what possible connection?
Holmes: Let us take it link by link. There is, on the face of it, something unnatural about this strange and sudden friendship between the young Spaniard and Scott Eccles. It was the former who forced the pace. He called upon Eccles at the other end of London on the very day after he first met him, and he kept in close touch with him until he got him down to Esher. Now, what did he want with Eccles? What could Eccles supply? I see no charm in the man. He is not particularly intelligent--not a man likely to be congenial to a quick-witted Latin. Why, then, was he picked out from all the other people whom Garcia met as particularly suited to his purpose? Has he any one outstanding quality? I say that he has. He is the very type of conventional British respectability, and the very man as a witness to impress another Briton. You saw yourself how neither of the inspectors dreamed of questioning his statement, extraordinary as it was.
Watson: But what was he to witness?
Holmes: Nothing, as things turned out, but everything had they gone another way. That is how I read the matter.
Watson: I see, he might have proved an alibi.
###
Watson: But what was he to witness?
Holmes: Nothing, as things turned out, but everything had they gone another way. That is how I read the matter.
Watson: I see, he might have proved an alibi.
Holmes: Exactly, my dear Watson; he might have proved an alibi. We will suppose, for argument's sake, that the household of Wisteria Lodge are confederates in some design. The attempt, whatever it may be, is to come off, we will say, before one o'clock. By some juggling of the clocks it is quite possible that they may have got Scott Eccles to bed earlier than he thought, but in any case it is likely that when Garcia went out of his way to tell him that it was one it was really not more than twelve. If Garcia could do whatever he had to do and be back by the hour mentioned he had evidently a powerful reply to any accusation. Here was this irreproachable Englishman ready to swear in any court of law that the accused was in the house all the time. It was an insurance against the worst.
Watson: Yes, yes, I see that. But how about the disappearance of the others?
Holmes: I have not all my facts yet, but I do not think there are any insuperable difficulties. Still, it is an error to argue in front of your data. You find yourself insensibly twisting them round to fit your theories.
Watson: And the message?
Holmes: How did it run? 'Our own colours, green and white.' Sounds like racing. 'Green open, white shut.' That is clearly a signal. 'Main stair, first corridor, seventh right, green baize.' This is an assignation. We may find a jealous husband at the bottom of it all. It was clearly a dangerous quest. She would not have said 'Godspeed' had it not been so. 'D'--that should be a guide.
Watson: The man was a Spaniard. I suggest that 'D' stands for Dolores, a common female name in Spain.
###
Watson: The man was a Spaniard. I suggest that 'D' stands for Dolores, a common female name in Spain.
Holmes: Good, Watson, very good--but quite inadmissible. A Spaniard would write to a Spaniard in Spanish. The writer of this note is certainly English. Well, we can only possess our soul in patience until this excellent inspector come back for us. Meanwhile we can thank our lucky fate which has rescued us for a few short hours from the insufferable fatigues of idleness.
Holmes: We are moving in exalted circles.
Holmes: This is a very obvious way of limiting our field of operations. No doubt Baynes, with his methodical mind, has already adopted some similar plan.
Watson: I don't quite understand.
###
Holmes: I don't quite understand.
Watson: Well, my dear fellow, we have already arrived at the conclusion that the massage received by Garcia at dinner was an appointment or an assignation. Now, if the obvious reading of it is correct, and in order to keep the tryst one has to ascend a main stair and seek the seventh door in a corridor, it is perfectly clear that the house is a very large one. It is equally certain that this house cannot be more than a mile or two from Oxshott, since Garcia was walking in that direction and hoped, according to my reading of the facts, to be back in Wisteria Lodge in time to avail himself of an alibi, which would only be valid up to one o'clock. As the number of large houses close to Oxshott must be limited, I adopted the obvious method of sending to the agents mentioned by Scott Eccles and obtaining a list of them. Here they are in this telegram, and the other end of our tangled skein must lie among them.
Holmes: It was nearly six o'clock before we found ourselves in the pretty Surrey village of Esher, with Inspector Baynes as our companion. Holmes and I had taken things for the night, and found comfortable quarters at the Bull. Finally we set out in the company of the detective on our visit to Wisteria Lodge. It was a cold, dark March evening, with a sharp wind and a fine rain beating upon our faces, a fit setting for the wild common over which our road passed and the tragic goal to which it led us.
Watson: A cold and melancholy walk of a couple of miles brought us to a high wooden gate, which opened into a gloomy avenue of chestnuts. The curved and shadowed drive led us to a low, dark house, pitch-black against a slate-coloured sky. From the front window upon the left of the door there peeped a glimmer of a feeble light.
###
Holmes: If I didn't know you were a good man, Walters, I should put a black mark against you for this. If it were the devil himself a constable on duty should never thank God that he could not lay his hands upon him. I suppose the whole thing is not a vision and a touch of nerves?
Holmes: That, at least, is very easily settled. Yes, a number twelve shoe, I should say. If he was all on the same scale as his foot he must certainly have been a giant.
Watson: What became of him?
Inspector: He seems to have broken through the shrubbery and made for the road.
Inspector: Well, whoever he may have been, and whatever he may have wanted, he's gone for the present, and we have more immediate things to attend to. Now, Mr. Holmes, with your permission, I will show you round the house.
Narrator: The various bedrooms and sitting-rooms had yielded nothing to a careful search. Apparently the tenants had brought little or nothing with them, and all the furniture down to the smallest details had been taken over with the house. A good deal of clothing with the stamp of Marx and Co., High Holborn, had been left behind. Telegraphic inquiries had been already made which showed that Marx knew nothing of his customer save that he was a good payer. Odds and ends, some pipes, a few novels, two of them in Spanish, and old-fashioned pinfire revolver, and a guitar were among the personal property.
Baynes: Nothing in all this. But now, Mr. Holmes, I invite your attention to the kitchen.
Baynes: Look at this. What do you make of it?
###
Baynes: Look at this, What do you make of it?
Holmes: Very interesting--very interesting, indeed! Anything more?
Baynes: Something has been killed and something has been burned. We raked all these out of the fire. We had a doctor in this morning. He says that they are not human.
Holmes: I must congratulate you, Inspector, on handling so distinctive and instructive a case. Your powers, if I may say so without offence, seem superior to your opportunities.
Baynes: You're right, Mr. Holmes. We stagnate in the provinces. A case of this sort gives a man a chance, and I hope that I shall take it. What do you make of these bones?
Holmes: A lamb, I should say, or a kid.
Baynes: And the white cock?
Holmes: Curious, Mr. Baynes, very curious. I should say almost unique.
###
Baynes: A lamb, I should say, or a kid.
Holmes: And the white cock?
Baynes: Curious, Mr. Baynes, very curious. I should say almost unique.
Baynes: Yes, sir, there must have been some very strange people with some very strange ways in this house. One of them is dead. Did his companions follow him and kill him? If they did we should have them, for every port is watched. But my own views are different. Yes, sir, my own views are very different.
Baynes: You have a theory then?
Baynes: And I'll work it myself, Mr. Holmes. It's only due to my own credit to do so. Your name is made, but I have still to make mine. I should be glad to be able to say afterwards that I had solved it without your help.
Holmes: Well, well, Inspector, Do you follow your path and I will follow mine. My results are always very much at your service if you care to apply to me for them. I think that I have seen all that I wish in this house, and that my time may be more profitably employed elsewhere. Au revoir and good luck!
###
Holmes: I'm sure, Watson, a week in the country will be invaluable to you. It is very pleasant to see the first green shoots upon the hedges and the catkins on the hazels once again. With a spud, a tin box, and an elementary book on botany, there are instructive days to be spent.
Holmes: Occasionally in our rambles we came across Inspector Baynes. His fat, red face wreathed itself in smiles and his small eyes glittered as he greeted my companion. He said little about the case, but from that little we gathered that he also was not dissatisfied at the course of events. I must admit, however, that I was somewhat surprised when, some five days after the crime, I opened my morning paper to find in large letters: The Oxshott Mystery a solution Arrest of Supposed Assassin
Watson: Holmes sprang in his chair as if he had been stung when I read the headlines. "By Jove!" he cried. "You don't mean that Baynes has got him?" "Apparently," said I as I read the following report.
###
Watson: By Jove! You don't mean that Baynes has got him?
Holmes: Apparently. Great excitement was caused in Esher and the neighbouring district when it was learned late last night that an arrest had been effected in connection with the Oxshott murder. It will be remembered that Mr. Garcia, of Wisteria Lodge, was found dead on Oxshott Common, his body showing signs of extreme violence, and that on the same night his servant and his cook fled, which appeared to show their participation in the crime. It was suggested, but never proved, that the deceased gentleman may have had valuables in the house, and that their abstraction was the motive of the crime. Every effort was made by Inspector Baynes, who has the case in hand, to ascertain the hiding place of the fugitives, and he had good reason to believe that they had not gone far but were lurking in some retreat which had been already prepared. It was certain from the first, however, that they would eventually be detected, as the cook, from the evidence of one or two tradespeople who have caught a glimpse of him through the window, was a man of most remarkable appearance--being a huge and hideous mulatto, with yellowish features of a pronounced negroid type. This man has been seen since the crime, for he was detected and pursued by Constable Walters on the same evening, when he had the audacity to revisit Wisteria Lodge. Inspector Baynes, considering that such a visit must have some purpose in view and was likely, therefore, to be repeated, abandoned the house but left an ambuscade in the shrubbery. The man walked into the trap and was captured last night after a struggle in which Constable Downing was badly bitten by the savage. We understand that when the prison is brought before the magistrates a remand will be applied for by the police, and that great developments are hoped from his capture.
###
Holmes: Really we must see Baynes at once. We will just catch him before he starts.
Holmes: You've seen the paper, Mr. Holmes?
Baynes: Yes, Baynes, I've seen it. Pray don't think it a liberty if I give you a word of friendly warning.
Holmes: Of warning, Mr. Holmes?
Holmes: I have looked into this case with some care, and I am not convinced that you are on the right lines. I don't want you to commit yourself too far unless you are sure.
Baynes: You're very kind, Mr. Holmes.
Holmes: I assure you I speak for your good.
Baynes: We agreed to work on our own lines, Mr. Holmes. That's what I am doing.
Holmes: Oh, very good. Don't blame me.
Baynes: No, sir; I believe you mean well by me. But we all have our own systems, Mr. Holmes. You have yours, and maybe I have mine.
Holmes: Let us say no more about it.
Baynes: You're welcome always to my news. This fellow is a perfect savage, as strong as a cart-horse and as fierce as the devil. He chewed Downing's thumb nearly off before they could master him. He hardly speaks a word of English, and we can get nothing out of him but grunts.
Baynes: And you think you have evidence that he murdered his late master?
Baynes: I didn't say so, Mr. Holmes; I didn't say so. We all have our little ways. You try yours and I will try mine. That's the agreement.
Holmes: I can't make the man out. He seems to be riding for a fall. Well, as he says, we must each try our own way and see what comes of it. But there's something in Inspector Baynes which I can't quite understand.
###
Holmes: Just sit down in that chair, Watson. I want to put you in touch with the situation, as I may need your help tonight. Let me show you the evolution of this case so far as I have been able to follow it. Simple as it has been in its leading features, it has nonetheless presented surprising difficulties in the way of an arrest. There are gaps in that direction which we have still to fill. We will go back to the note which was handed in to Garcia upon the evening of his death. We may put aside this idea of Baynes's that Garcia's servants were concerned in the matter. The proof of this lies in the fact that it was he who had arranged for the presence of Scott Eccles, which could only have been done for the purpose of an alibi. It was Garcia, then, who had an enterprise, and apparently a criminal enterprise, in hand that night in the course of which he met his death. I say 'criminal' because only a man with a criminal enterprise desires to establish an alibi. Who, then, is most likely to have taken his life? Surely the person against whom the criminal enterprise was directed. So far it seems to me that we are on safe ground. We can now see a reason for the disappearance of Garcia's household. They were all confederates in the same unknown crime. If it came off when Garcia returned, any possible suspicion would be warded off by the Englishman's evidence, and all would be well. But the attempt was a dangerous one, and if Garcia did not return by a certain hour it was probable that his own life had been sacrificed. It had been arranged, therefore, that in such a case his two subordinates were to make for some prearranged spot where they could escape investigation and be in a position afterwards to renew their attempt. That would fully explain the facts, would it not?
Watson: But why should one servant return?
###
Watson: The whole inexplicable tangle seemed to straighten out before me. I wondered, as I always did, how it had not been obvious to me before.
Holmes: But why should one servant return?
Watson: We can imagine that in the confusion of flight something precious, something which he could not bear to part with, had been left behind. That would explain his persistence, would it not?
Holmes: Well, what is the next step?
Watson: The next step is the note received by Garcia at the dinner. It indicates a confederate at the other end. Now, where was the other end? I have already shown you that it could only lie in some large house, and that the number of large houses is limited. My first days in this village were devoted to a series of walks in which in the intervals of my botanical researches I made a reconnaissance of all the large houses and an examination of the family history of the occupants. One house, and only one, riveted my attention. It is the famous old Jacobean grange of High Gable, one mile on the farther side of Oxshott, and less than half a mile from the scene of the tragedy. The other mansions belonged to prosaic and respectable people who live far aloof from romance. But Mr. Henderson, of High Gable, was by all accounts a curious man to whom curious adventures might befall. I concentrated my attention, therefore, upon him and his household.
###
Holmes: A singular set of people, Watson--the man himself the most singular of them all. I managed to see him on a plausible pretext, but I seemed to read in his dark, deepset, brooding eyes that he was perfectly aware of my true business. He is a man of fifty, strong, active, with iron-gray hair, great bunched black eyebrows, the step of a deer and the air of an emperor--a fierce, masterful man, with a red-hot spirit behind his parchment face. He is either a foreigner or has lived long in the tropics, for he is yellow and sapless, but tough as whipcord. His friend and secretary, Mr. Lucas, is undoubtedly a foreigner, chocolate brown, wily, suave, and catlike, with a poisonous gentleness of speech. You see, Watson, we have come already upon two sets of foreigners--one at Wisteria Lodge and one at High Gable--so our gaps are beginning to close.
Holmes: These two men, close and confidential friends, are the centre of the household; but there is one other person who for our immediate purpose may be even more important. Henderson has two children--girls of eleven and thirteen. Their governess is a Miss Burnet, an Englishwoman of forty or thereabouts. There is also one confidential manservant. This little group forms the real family, for their travel about together, and Henderson is a great traveller, always on the move. It is only within the last weeks that he has returned, after a year's absence, to High Gable. I may add that he is enormously rich, and whatever his whims may be he can very easily satisfy them. For the rest, his house is full of butlers, footmen, maidservants, and the usual overfed, underworked staff of a large English country house.
###
Holmes: So much I learned partly from village gossip and partly from my own observation. There are no better instruments than discharged servants with a grievance, and I was lucky enough to find one. I call it luck, but it would not have come my way had I not been looking out for it. As Baynes remarks, we all have our systems. It was my system which enabled me to find John Warner, late gardener of High Gable, sacked in a moment of temper by his imperious employer. He in turn had friends among the indoor servants who unite in their fear and dislike of their master. So I had my key to the secrets of the establishment. Curious people, Watson! I don't pretend to understand it all yet, but very curious people anyway. It's a double-winged house, and the servants live on one side, the family on the other. There's no link between the two save for Henderson's own servant, who serves the family's meals. Everything is carried to a certain door, which forms the one connection. Governess and children hardly go out at all, except into the garden. Henderson never by any chance walks alone. His dark secretary is like his shadow. The gossip among the servants is that their master is terribly afraid of something. 'Sold his soul to the devil in exchange for money,' says Warner, 'and expects his creditor to come up and claim his own.' Where they came from, or who they are, nobody has an idea. They are very violent. Twice Henderson has lashed at folk with his dog-whip, and only his long purse and heavy compensation have kept him out of the courts.
###
Holmes: Well, now, Watson, let us judge the situation by this new information. We may take it that the letter came out of this strange household and was an invitation to Garcia to carry out some attempt which had already been planned. Who wrote the note? It was someone within the citadel, and it was a woman. Who then but Miss Burnet, the governess? All our reasoning seems to point that way. At any rate, we may take it as a hypothesis and see what consequences it would entail. I may add that Miss Burnet's age and character make it certain that my first idea that there might be a love interest in our story is out of the question. If she wrote the note she was presumably the friend and confederate of Garcia. What, then, might she be expected to do if she heard of his death? If he met it in some nefarious enterprise her lips might be sealed. Still, in her heart, she must retain bitterness and hatred against those who had killed him and would presumably help so far as she could to have revenge upon them. Could we see her, then and try to use her? That was my first thought. But now we come to a sinister fact. Miss Burnet has not been seen by any human eye since the night of the murder. From that evening she has utterly vanished. Is she alive? Has she perhaps met her end on the same night as the friend whom she had summoned? Or is she merely a prisoner? There is the point which we still have to decide. You will appreciate the difficulty of the situation, Watson. There is nothing upon which we can apply for a warrant. Our whole scheme might seem fantastic if laid before a magistrate. The woman's disappearance counts for nothing, since in that extraordinary household any member of it might be invisible for a week. And yet she may at the present moment be in danger of her life. All I can do is to watch the house and leave my agent, Warner, on guard at the gates. We can't let such a situation continue. If the law can do nothing we must take the risk ourselves.
Watson: What do you suggest?
###
Holmes: What do you suggest?
Holmes: I know which is her room. It is accessible from the top of an outhouse. My suggestion is that you and I go to-night and see if we can strike at the very heart of the mystery.
Watson: They've gone, Mr. Holmes. They went by the last train. The lady broke away, and I've got her in a cab downstairs.
Holmes: Excellent, Warner! Watson, the gaps are closing rapidly.
###
Emissary: I watched at the gate, same as you advised, Mr. Holmes. When the carriage came out I followed it to the station. She was like one walking in her sleep, but when they tried to get her into the train she came to life and struggled. They pushed her into the carriage. She fought her way out again. I took her part, got her into a cab, and here we are. I shan't forget the face at the carriage window as I led her away. I'd have a short life if he had his way--the black-eyed, scowling, yellow devil.
Emissary: I watched at the gate, same as you advised, Mr. Holmes. When the carriage came out I followed it to the station. She was like one walking in her sleep, but when they tried to get her into the train she came to life and struggled. They pushed her into the carriage. She fought her way out again. I took her part, got her into a cab, and here we are. I shan't forget the face at the carriage window as I led her away. I'd have a short life if he had his way--the black-eyed, scowling, yellow devil.
Holmes: Why, sir, you've got me the very evidence I want. I was on the same scent as you from the first.
Holmes: Then why did you arrest the mulatto?
Baynes: I was sure Henderson, as he calls himself, felt that he was suspected, and that he would lie low and make no move so long as he thought he was in any danger. I arrested the wrong man to make him believe that our eyes were off him. I knew he would be likely to clear off then and give us a chance of getting at Miss Burnet.
Holmes: You will rise high in your profession. You have instinct and intuition.
###
Holmes: You will rise high in your profession. You have instinct and intuition.
Baynes: I've had a plain-clothes man waiting at the station all the week. Wherever the High Gable folk go he will keep them in sight. But he must have been hard put to it when Miss Burnet broke away. However, your man picked her up, and it all ends well. We can't arrest without her evidence, that is clear, so the sooner we get a statement the better.
Holmes: Every minute she gets stronger. But tell me, Baynes, who is this man Henderson?
Baynes: Henderson is Don Murillo, once called the Tiger of San Pedro.
###
Baynes: Yes, sir, Don Murillo, the Tiger of San Pedro. If you look it up you will find that the San Pedro colours are green and white, same as in the note, Mr. Holmes. Henderson he called himself, but I traced him back, Paris and Rome and Madrid to Barcelona, where his ship came in in '86. They've been looking for him all the time for their revenge, but it is only now that they have begun to find him out.
Miss Burnet: They discovered him a year ago. Once already his life has been attempted, but some evil spirit shielded him. Now, again, it is the noble, chivalrous Garcia who has fallen, while the monster goes safe. But another will come, and yet another, until some day justice will be done; that is as certain as the rise of to-morrow's sun. But how come you into this matter, Miss Burnet? How can an English lady join in such a murderous affair? I join in it because there is no other way in the world by which justice can be gained. What does the law of England care for the rivers of blood shed years ago in San Pedro, or for the shipload of treasure which this man has stolen? To you they are like crimes committed in some other planet. But we know. We have learned the truth in sorrow and in suffering. To us there is no fiend in hell like Juan Murillo, and no peace in life while his victims still cry for vengeance.
Holmes: No doubt, he was as you say. I have heard that he was atrocious. But how are you affected?
###
Holmes: No doubt, he was as you say. I have heard that he was atrocious. But how are you affected?
Signora Victor Durando: I will tell you it all. This villain's policy was to murder, on one pretext or another, every man who showed such promise that he might in time come to be a dangerous rival. My husband--yes, my real name is Signora Victor Durando--was the San Pedro minister in London. He met me and married me there. A nobler man never lived upon earth. Unhappily, Murillo heard of his excellence, recalled him on some pretext, and had him shot. With a premonition of his fate he had refused to take me with him. His estates were confiscated, and I was left with a pittance and a broken heart. Then came the downfall of the tyrant. He escaped as you have just described. But the many whose lives he had ruined, whose nearest and dearest had suffered torture and death at his hands, would not let the matter rest. They banded themselves into a society which should never be dissolved until the work was done. It was my part after we had discovered in the transformed Henderson the fallen despot, to attach myself to his household and keep the others in touch with his movements. This I was able to do by securing the position of governess in his family. He little knew that the woman who faced him at every meal was the woman whose husband he had hurried at an hour's notice into eternity. I smiled on him, did my duty to his children, and bided my time. An attempt was made in Paris and failed. We zig-zagged swiftly here and there over Europe to throw off the pursuers and finally returned to this house, which he had taken upon his first arrival in England.
###
Narrator: All would now have been well for them had it not been for my knowledge of what they had done. I have no doubt that there were times when my life hung in the balance. I was confined to my room, terrorized by the most horrible threats, cruelly ill-used to break my spirit--see this stab on my shoulder and the bruises from end to end of my arms--and a gag was thrust into my mouth on the one occasion when I tried to call from the window. For five days this cruel imprisonment continued, with hardly enough food to hold body and soul together. This afternoon a good lunch was brought me, but the moment after I took it I knew that I had been drugged. In a sort of dream I remember being half-led, half-carried to the carriage; in the same state I was conveyed to the train. Only then, when the wheels were almost moving, did I suddenly realize that my liberty lay in my own hands. I sprang out, they tried to drag me back, and had it not been for the help of this good man, who led me to the cab, I should never had broken away. Now, thank God, I am beyond their power forever.
Holmes: Our difficulties are not over. Our police work ends, but our legal work begins.
Watson: Exactly. A plausible lawyer could make it out as an act of self-defence. There may be a hundred crimes in the background, but it is only on this one that they can be tried.
Baynes: Come, come, I think better of the law than that. Self-defence is one thing. To entice a man in cold blood with the object of murdering him is another, whatever danger you may fear from him. No, no, we shall all be justified when we see the tenants of High Gable at the next Guildford Assizes.
###
Holmes: A chaotic case, my dear Watson. It will not be possible for you to present in that compact form which is dear to your heart. It covers two continents, concerns two groups of mysterious persons, and is further complicated by the highly respectable presence of our friend, Scott Eccles, whose inclusion shows me that the deceased Garcia had a scheming mind and a well-developed instinct of self-preservation. It is remarkable only for the fact that amid a perfect jungle of possibilities we, with our worthy collaborator, the inspector, have kept our close hold on the essentials and so been guided along the crooked and winding path. Is there any point which is not quite clear to you?
###
Watson: The object of the mulatto cook's return?
Holmes: I think that the strange creature in the kitchen may account for it. The man was a primitive savage from the backwoods of San Pedro, and this was his fetish. When his companion and he had fled to some prearranged retreat--already occupied, no doubt by a confederate--the companion had persuaded him to leave so compromising an article of furniture. But the mulatto's heart was with it, and he was driven back to it next day, when, on reconnoitering through the window, he found policeman Walters in possession. He waited three days longer, and then his piety or his superstition drove him to try once more. Inspector Baynes, who, with his usual astuteness, had minimized the incident before me, had really recognized its importance and had left a trap into which the creature walked. Any other point, Watson?
Watson: The torn bird, the pail of blood, the charred bones, all the mystery of that weird kitchen?
Holmes: I spent a morning in the British Museum reading up on that and other points. Here is a quotation from Eckermann's Voodooism and the Negroid Religions: 'The true voodoo-worshipper attempts nothing of importance without certain sacrifices which are intended to propitiate his unclean gods. In extreme cases these rites take the form of human sacrifices followed by cannibalism. The more usual victims are a white cock, which is plucked in pieces alive, or a black goat, whose throat is cut and body burned.' So you see our savage friend was very orthodox in his ritual. It is grotesque, Watson, but, as I have had occasion to remark, there is but one step from the grotesque to the horrible.
###
Watson: You are right, Holmes. It does seem a most preposterous way of settling a dispute.
Holmes: Most preposterous! You remember that some little time ago when I read you the passage in one of Poe's sketches in which a close reasoner follows the unspoken thoughts of his companion, you were inclined to treat the matter as a mere tour-de-force of the author. On my remarking that I was constantly in the habit of doing the same thing you expressed incredulity.
Watson: Oh, no!
Holmes: Perhaps not with your tongue, my dear Watson, but certainly with your eyebrows. So when I saw you throw down your paper and enter upon a train of thought, I was very happy to have the opportunity of reading it off, and eventually of breaking into it, as a proof that I had been in rapport with you.
Watson: In the example which you read to me, the reasoner drew his conclusions from the actions of the man whom he observed. If I remember right, he stumbled over a heap of stones, looked up at the stars, and so on. But I have been seated quietly in my chair, and what clues can I have given you?
Holmes: You do yourself an injustice. The features are given to man as the means by which he shall express his emotions, and yours are faithful servants.
Watson: Do you mean to say that you read my train of thoughts from my features?
Holmes: Your features and especially your eyes. Perhaps you cannot yourself recall how your reverie commenced?
Watson: No, I cannot.
###
Holmes: Do you mean to say that you read my train of thoughts from my features?
Watson: Your features and especially your eyes. Perhaps you cannot yourself recall how your reverie commenced?
Holmes: No, I cannot.
Watson: Then I will tell you. After throwing down your paper, which was the action which drew my attention to you, you sat for half a minute with a vacant expression. Then your eyes fixed themselves upon your newly framed picture of General Gordon, and I saw by the alteration in your face that a train of thought had been started. But it did not lead very far. Your eyes flashed across to the unframed portrait of Henry Ward Beecher which stands upon the top of your books. Then you glanced up at the wall, and of course your meaning was obvious. You were thinking that if the portrait were framed it would just cover that bare space and correspond with Gordon's picture there.
Holmes: You have followed me wonderfully!
###
Holmes: You have followed me wonderfully!
Watson: Absolutely! And now that you have explained it, I confess that I am as amazed as before.
###
Watson: Absolutely! And now that you have explained it, I confess that I am as amazed as before.
Holmes: It was very superficial, my dear Watson, I assure you. I should not have intruded it upon your attention had you not shown some incredulity the other day. But I have in my hands here a little problem which may prove to be more difficult of solution than my small essay in thought reading. Have you observed in the paper a short paragraph referring to the remarkable contents of a packet sent through the post to Miss Cushing, of Cross Street, Croydon?
Watson: No, I saw nothing.
Holmes: Ah! then you must have overlooked it. Just toss it over to me. Here it is, under the financial column. Perhaps you would be good enough to read it aloud.
Watson: I picked up the paper which he had thrown back to me and read the paragraph indicated. It was headed, "A Gruesome Packet."
###
Watson: I picked up the paper which he had thrown back to me and read the paragraph indicated. It was headed, "A Gruesome Packet."
Narrator: Miss Susan Cushing, living at Cross Street, Croydon, has been made the victim of what must be regarded as a peculiarly revolting practical joke unless some more sinister meaning should prove to be attached to the incident. At two o'clock yesterday afternoon a small packet, wrapped in brown paper, was handed in by the postman. A cardboard box was inside, which was filled with coarse salt. On emptying this, Miss Cushing was horrified to find two human ears, apparently quite freshly severed. The box had been sent by parcel post from Belfast upon the morning before. There is no indication as to the sender, and the matter is the more mysterious as Miss Cushing, who is a maiden lady of fifty, has led a most retired life, and has so few acquaintances or correspondents that it is a rare event for her to receive anything through the post. Some years ago, however, when she resided at Penge, she let apartments in her house to three young medical students, whom she was obliged to get rid of on account of their noisy and irregular habits. The police are of opinion that this outrage may have been perpetrated upon Miss Cushing by these youths, who owed her a grudge and who hoped to frighten her by sending her these relics of the dissecting-rooms. Some probability is lent to the theory by the fact that one of these students came from the north of Ireland, and, to the best of Miss Cushing's belief, from Belfast. In the meantime, the matter is being actively investigated, Mr. Lestrade, one of the very smartest of our detective officers, being in charge of the case.
Holmes: So much for the Daily Chronicle. Now for our friend Lestrade. I had a note from him this morning, in which he says:
###
Holmes: So much for the Daily Chronicle. Now for our friend Lestrade. I had a note from him this morning, in which he says: I think that this case is very much in your line. We have every hope of clearing the matter up, but we find a little difficulty in getting anything to work upon. We have, of course, wired to the Belfast post-office, but a large number of parcels were handed in upon that day, and they have no means of identifying this particular one, or of remembering the sender. The box is a half-pound box of honeydew tobacco and does not help us in any way. The medical student theory still appears to me to be the most feasible, but if you should have a few hours to spare I should be very happy to see you out here. I shall be either at the house or in the police-station all day. What say you, Watson? Can you rise superior to the heat and run down to Croydon with me on the off chance of a case for your annals?
Watson: I was longing for something to do.
Holmes: You shall have it then. Ring for our boots and tell them to order a cab. I'll be back in a moment when I have changed my dressing-gown and filled my cigar-case.
Holmes: A shower of rain fell while we were in the train, and the heat was far less oppressive in Croydon than in town. Holmes had sent on a wire, so that Lestrade, as wiry, as dapper, and as ferret-like as ever, was waiting for us at the station. A walk of five minutes took us to Cross Street, where Miss Cushing resided. It was a very long street of two-story brick houses, neat and prim, with whitened stone steps and little groups of aproned women gossiping at the doors. Halfway down, Lestrade stopped and tapped at a door, which was opened by a small servant girl. Miss Cushing was sitting in the front room, into which we were ushered. She was a placid-faced woman, with large, gentle eyes, and grizzled hair curving down over her temples on each side. A worked antimacassar lay upon her lap and a basket of coloured silks stood upon a stool beside her.
###
Miss Cushing: They are in the outhouse, those dreadful things. I wish that you would take them away altogether.
Lestrade: So I shall, Miss Cushing. I only kept them here until my friend, Mr. Holmes, should have seen them in your presence.
Miss Cushing: Why in my presence, sir?
Lestrade: In case he wished to ask any questions.
Miss Cushing: What is the use of asking me questions when I tell you I know nothing whatever about it?
Holmes: Quite so, madam. I have no doubt that you have been annoyed more than enough already over this business.
Miss Cushing: Indeed I have, sir. I am a quiet woman and live a retired life. It is something new for me to see my name in the papers and to find the police in my house. I won't have those things in here, Mr. Lestrade. If you wish to see them you must go to the outhouse.
-: The string is exceedingly interesting. What do you make of this string, Lestrade?
Lestrade: It has been tarred.
Holmes: Precisely. It is a piece of tarred twine. You have also, no doubt, remarked that Miss Cushing has cut the cord with a scissors, as can be seen by the double fray on each side. This is of importance.
Lestrade: I cannot see the importance.
Holmes: The importance lies in the fact that the knot is left intact, and that this knot is of a peculiar character.
Lestrade: It is very neatly tied. I had already made a note of that effect.
###
Lestrade: I cannot see the importance.
Holmes: The importance lies in the fact that the knot is left intact, and that this knot is of a peculiar character.
Lestrade: It is very neatly tied. I had already made a note of that effect.
Holmes: So much for the string, then, now for the box wrapper. Brown paper, with a distinct smell of coffee. What, did you not observe it? I think there can be no doubt of it. Address printed in rather straggling characters: 'Miss S. Cushing, Cross Street, Croydon.' Done with a broad-pointed pen, probably a J, and with very inferior ink. The word 'Croydon' has been originally spelled with an 'i', which has been changed to 'y'. The parcel was directed, then, by a man--the printing is distinctly masculine--of limited education and unacquainted with the town of Croydon. So far, so good! The box is a yellow, half-pound honeydew box, with nothing distinctive save two thumb marks at the left bottom corner. It is filled with rough salt of the quality used for preserving hides and other of the coarser commercial purposes. And embedded in it are these very singular enclosures. You have observed, of course, that the ears are not a pair.
Lestrade: Yes, I have noticed that. But if this were the practical joke of some students from the dissecting-rooms, it would be as easy for them to send two odd ears as a pair.
Holmes: Precisely. But this is not a practical joke. You are sure of it?
###
Watson: Yes, I have noticed that. But if this were the practical joke of some students from the dissecting-rooms, it would be as easy for them to send two odd ears as a pair.
Holmes: Precisely. But this is not a practical joke.
Watson: You are sure of it?
Holmes: The presumption is strongly against it. Bodies in the dissecting-rooms are injected with preservative fluid. These ears bear no signs of this. They are fresh, too. They have been cut off with a blunt instrument, which would hardly happen if a student had done it. Again, carbolic or rectified spirits would be the preservatives which would suggest themselves to the medical mind, certainly not rough salt. I repeat that there is no practical joke here, but that we are investigating a serious crime.
Watson: A vague thrill ran through me as I listened to my companion's words and saw the stern gravity which had hardened his features. This brutal preliminary seemed to shadow forth some strange and inexplicable horror in the background. Lestrade, however, shook his head like a man who is only half convinced.
Lestrade: There are objections to the joke theory, no doubt, but there are much stronger reasons against the other. We know that this woman has led a most quiet and respectable life at Penge and here for the last twenty years. She has hardly been away from her home for a day during that time. Why on earth, then, should any criminal send her the proofs of his guilt, especially as, unless she is a most consummate actress, she understands quite as little of the matter as we do?
###
Holmes: That is the problem which we have to solve, and for my part I shall set about it by presuming that my reasoning is correct, and that a double murder has been committed. One of these ears is a woman's, small, finely formed, and pierced for an earring. The other is a man's, sun-burned, discoloured, and also pierced for an earring. These two people are presumably dead, or we should have heard their story before now. To-day is Friday. The packet was posted on Thursday morning. The tragedy, then, occurred on Wednesday or Tuesday, or earlier. If the two people were murdered, who but their murderer would have sent this sign of his work to Miss Cushing? We may take it that the sender of the packet is the man whom we want. But he must have some strong reason for sending Miss Cushing this packet. What reason then? It must have been to tell her that the deed was done; or to pain her, perhaps. But in that case she knows who it is. Does she know? I doubt it. If she knew, why should she call the police in? She might have buried the ears, and no one would have been the wiser. That is what she would have done if she had wished to shield the criminal. But if she does not wish to shield him she would give his name. There is a tangle here which needs straightening out.
Holmes: I have a few questions to ask Miss Cushing.
Lestrade: In that case I may leave you here, for I have another small business on hand. I think that I have nothing further to learn from Miss Cushing. You will find me at the police-station.
Holmes: We shall look in on our way to the train.
Holmes: A moment later he and I were back in the front room, where the impassive lady was still quietly working away at her antimacassar. She put it down on her lap as we entered and looked at us with her frank, searching blue eyes.
###
Miss Cushing: I am convinced, sir, that this matter is a mistake, and that the parcel was never meant for me at all. I have said this several times to the gentlemen from Scotland Yard, but he simply laughs at me. I have not an enemy in the world, as far as I know, so why should anyone play me such a trick?
Holmes: I am coming to be of the same opinion, Miss Cushing. I think that it is more than probable--
Holmes: There were one or two questions--
Miss Cushing: Oh, I am weary of questions!
Holmes: You have two sisters, I believe.
Miss Cushing: How could you know that?
Holmes: I observed the very instant that I entered the room that you have a portrait group of three ladies upon the mantelpiece, one of whom is undoubtedly yourself, while the others are so exceedingly like you that there could be no doubt of the relationship.
Miss Cushing: Yes, you are quite right. Those are my sisters, Sarah and Mary.
Holmes: And here at my elbow is another portrait, taken at Liverpool, of your younger sister, in the company of a man who appears to be a steward by his uniform. I observe that she was unmarried at the time.
Miss Cushing: You are very quick at observing.
Holmes: That is my trade.
Miss Cushing: Well, you are quite right. But she was married to Mr. Browner a few days afterwards. He was on the South American line when that was taken, but he was so fond of her that he couldn't abide to leave her for so long, and he got into the Liverpool and London boats.
Holmes: Ah, the Conqueror, perhaps?
###
Holmes: Thank you, Miss Cushing. Your sister Sarah lives, I think you said, at New Street, Wallington? Good-bye, and I am very sorry that you should have been troubled over a case with which, as you say, you have nothing whatever to do.
Holmes: How far to Wallington?
Cab Driver: Only about a mile, sir.
Holmes: Very good. Jump in, Watson. We must strike while the iron is hot. Simple as the case is, there have been one or two very instructive details in connection with it. Just pull up at a telegraph office as you pass, cabby.
Holmes: Is Miss Cushing at home?
Young Gentleman: Miss Sarah Cushing is extremely ill. She has been suffering since yesterday from brain symptoms of great severity. As her medical adviser, I cannot possibly take the responsibility of allowing anyone to see her. I should recommend you to call again in ten days.
Holmes: Well, if we can't we can't. Perhaps she could not or would not have told you much. I did not wish her to tell me anything. I only wanted to look at her. However, I think that I have got all that I want. Drive us to some decent hotel, cabby, where we may have some lunch, and afterwards we shall drop down upon friend Lestrade at the police-station.
###
Holmes: A telegram for you, Mr. Holmes.
Holmes: Ha! It is the answer! That's all right.
Lestrade: Have you found out anything?
Holmes: I have found out everything!
Lestrade: You are joking.
Holmes: I was never more serious in my life. A shocking crime has been committed, and I think I have now laid bare every detail of it.
Lestrade: And the criminal?
Holmes: That is the name. You cannot effect an arrest until tomorrow night at the earliest. I should prefer that you do not mention my name at all in connection with the case, as I choose to be only associated with those crimes which present some difficulty in their solution. Come on, Watson.
###
Holmes: The case is one where, as in the investigations which you have chronicled under the names of 'A Study in Scarlet' and of 'The Sign of Four,' we have been compelled to reason backward from effects to causes. I have written to Lestrade asking him to supply us with the details which are now wanting, and which he will only get after he had secured his man. That he may be safely trusted to do, for although he is absolutely devoid of reason, he is as tenacious as a bulldog when he once understands what he has to do, and indeed, it is just this tenacity which has brought him to the top at Scotland Yard.
Watson: Your case is not complete, then?
Holmes: It is fairly complete in essentials. We know who the author of the revolting business is, although one of the victims still escapes us. Of course, you have formed your own conclusions.
Watson: I presume that this Jim Browner, the steward of a Liverpool boat, is the man whom you suspect?
Holmes: Oh! it is more than a suspicion.
Watson: And yet I cannot see anything save very vague indications.
Holmes: On the contrary, to my mind nothing could be more clear. Let me run over the principal steps. We approached the case, you remember, with an absolutely blank mind, which is always an advantage. We had formed no theories. We were simply there to observe and to draw inferences from our observations. What did we see first? A very placid and respectable lady, who seemed quite innocent of any secret, and a portrait which showed me that she had two younger sisters. It instantly flashed across my mind that the box might have been meant for one of these. I set the idea aside as one which could be disproved or confirmed at our leisure. Then we went to the garden, as you remember, and we saw the very singular contents of the little yellow box.
###
Holmes: The string was of the quality which is used by sail-makers aboard ship, and at once a whiff of the sea was perceptible in our investigation. When I observed that the knot was one which is popular with sailors, that the parcel had been posted at a port, and that the male ear was pierced for an earring which is so much more common among sailors than landsmen, I was quite certain that all the actors in the tragedy were to be found among our seafaring classes.
Holmes: When I came to examine the address of the packet I observed that it was to Miss S. Cushing. Now, the oldest sister would, of course, be Miss Cushing, and although her initial was 'S' it might belong to one of the others as well. In that case we should have to commence our investigation from a fresh basis altogether. I therefore went into the house with the intention of clearing up this point. I was about to assure Miss Cushing that I was convinced that a mistake had been made when you may remember that I came suddenly to a stop. The fact was that I had just seen something which filled me with surprise and at the same time narrowed the field of our inquiry immensely.
Holmes: As a medical man, you are aware, Watson, that there is no part of the body which varies so much as the human ear. Each ear is as a rule quite distinctive and differs from all other ones. In last year's Anthropological Journal you will find two short monographs from my pen upon the subject. I had, therefore, examined the ears in the box with the eyes of an expert and had carefully noted their anatomical peculiarities. Imagine my surprise, then, when on looking at Miss Cushing I perceived that her ear corresponded exactly with the female ear which I had just inspected. The matter was entirely beyond coincidence. There was the same shortening of the pinna, the same broad curve of the upper lobe, the same convolution of the inner cartilage. In all essentials it was the same ear.
###
Holmes: A second solution was at this stage obviously possible, and although I thought it exceedingly unlikely, I was determined to elucidate it before going further. An unsuccessful lover might have killed Mr. and Mrs. Browner, and the male ear might have belonged to the husband. There were many grave objections to this theory, but it was conceivable. I therefore sent off a telegram to my friend Algar, of the Liverpool force, and asked him to find out if Mrs. Browner were at home, and if Browner had departed in the May Day. Then we went on to Wallington to visit Miss Sarah.
Holmes: I was curious, in the first place, to see how far the family ear had been reproduced in her. Then, of course, she might give us very important information, but I was not sanguine that she would. She must have heard of the business the day before, since all Croydon was ringing with it, and she alone could have understood for whom the packet was meant. If she had been willing to help justice she would probably have communicated with the police already. However, it was clearly our duty to see her, so we went. We found that the news of the arrival of the packet--for her illness dated from that time--had such an effect upon her as to bring on brain fever. It was clearer than ever that she understood its full significance, but equally clear that we should have to wait some time for any assistance from her.
Holmes: However, we were really independent of her help. Our answers were waiting for us at the police-station, where I had directed Algar to send them. Nothing could be more conclusive. Mrs. Browner's house had been closed for more than three days, and the neighbours were of opinion that she had gone south to see her relatives. It had been ascertained at the shipping offices that Browner had left aboard of the May Day, and I calculate that she is due in the Thames tomorrow night. When he arrives he will be met by the obtuse but resolute Lestrade, and I have no doubt that we shall have all our details filled in.
###
Holmes: Lestrade has got him all right. Perhaps it would interest you to hear what he says.
Lestrade: My dear Mr. Holmes: In accordance with the scheme which we had formed in order to test our theories, I went down to the Albert Dock yesterday at 6 p.m., and boarded the S.S. May Day, belonging to the Liverpool, Dublin, and London Steam Packet Company. On inquiry, I found that there was a steward on board of the name of James Browner and that he had acted during the voyage in such an extraordinary manner that the captain had been compelled to relieve him of his duties. On descending to his berth, I found him seated upon a chest with his head sunk upon his hands, rocking himself to and fro. He is a big, powerful chap, clean-shaven, and very swarthy--something like Aldrige, who helped us in the bogus laundry affair. He jumped up when he heard my business, and I had my whistle to my lips to call a couple of river police, who were round the corner, but he seemed to have no heart in him, and he held out his hands quietly enough for the darbies. We brought him along to the cells, and his box as well, for we thought there might be something incriminating; but, bar a big sharp knife such as most sailors have, we got nothing for our trouble. However, we find that we shall want no more evidence, for on being brought before the inspector at the station he asked leave to make a statement, which was, of course, taken down, just as he made it, by our shorthand man. We had three copies typewritten, one of which I enclose. The affair proves, as I always thought it would, to be an extremely simple one, but I am obliged to you for assisting me in my investigation. With kind regards, Yours very truly, G. Lestrade.
###
Lestrade: The affair proves, as I always thought it would, to be an extremely simple one, but I am obliged to you for assisting me in my investigation. With kind regards, Yours very truly, G. Lestrade.
Holmes: Hum! The investigation really was a very simple one, but I don't think it struck him in that light when he first called us in. However, let us see what Jim Browner has to say for himself. This is his statement as made before Inspector Montgomery at the Shadwell Police Station, and it has the advantage of being verbatim.
Jim Browner: Have I anything to say? Yes, I have a deal to say. I have to make a clean breast of it all. You can hang me, or you can leave me alone. I don't care a plug which you do. I tell you I've not shut an eye in sleep since I did it, and I don't believe I ever will again until I get past all waking. Sometimes it's his face, but most generally it's hers. I'm never without one or the other before me. He looks frowning and black-like, but she has a kind o' surprise upon her face. Ay, the white lamb, she might well be surprised when she read death on a face that had seldom looked anything but love upon her before. But it was Sarah's fault, and may the curse of a broken man put a blight on her and set the blood rotting in her veins! It's not that I want to clear myself. I know that I went back to drink, like the beast that I was. But she would have forgiven me; she would have stuck as close to me as a rope to a block if that woman had never darkened our door. For Sarah Cushing loved me--that's the root of the business--she loved me until all her love turned to poisonous hate when she knew that I thought more of my wife's footmark in the mud than I did of her whole body and soul.
###
Watson: There you have the whole truth of it. You can hang me, or do what you like with me, but you cannot punish me as I have been punished already. I cannot shut my eyes but I see those two faces staring at me--staring at me as they stared when my boat broke through the haze. I killed them quick, but they are killing me slow; and if I have another night of it I shall be either mad or dead before morning. You won't put me alone into a cell, sir? For pity's sake don't, and may you be treated in your day of agony as you treat me now.
Holmes: What is the meaning of it, Watson? What object is served by this circle of misery and violence and fear? It must tend to some end, or else our universe is ruled by chance, which is unthinkable. But what end? There is the great standing perennial problem to which human reason is as far from an answer as ever.
Holmes: Well, Mrs. Warren, I cannot see that you have any particular cause for uneasiness, nor do I understand why I, whose time is of some value, should interfere in the matter. I really have other things to engage me. So spoke Sherlock Holmes and turned back to the great scrapbook in which he was arranging and indexing some of his recent material.
Mrs. Warren: You arranged an affair for a lodger of mine last year, Mr. Fairdale Hobbs.
Holmes: Ah, yes- a simple matter.
Mrs. Warren: But he would never cease talking of it--your kindness, sir, and the way in which you brought light into the darkness. I remembered his words when I was in doubt and darkness myself. I know you could if you only would.
###
Holmes: Ah, yes, a simple matter.
Mrs. Warren: But he would never cease talking of it--your kindness, sir, and the way in which you brought light into the darkness. I remembered his words when I was in doubt and darkness myself. I know you could if you only would.
Holmes: Well, well, Mrs. Warren, let us hear about it, then. You don't object to tobacco, I take it? Thank you, Watson--the matches! You are uneasy, as I understand, because your new lodger remains in his rooms and you cannot see him. Why, bless you, Mrs. Warren, if I were your lodger you often would not see me for weeks on end.
Mrs. Warren: No doubt, sir; but this is different. It frightens me, Mr. Holmes. I can't sleep for fright. To hear his quick step moving here and moving there from early morning to late at night, and yet never to catch so much as a glimpse of him--it's more than I can stand. My husband is as nervous over it as I am, but he is out at his work all day, while I get no rest from it. What is he hiding for? What has he done? Except for the girl, I am all alone in the house with him, and it's more than my nerves can stand.
Holmes: If I take it up I must understand every detail, said he. "Take time to consider. The smallest point may be the most essential. You say that the man came ten days ago and paid you for a fortnight's board and lodging?"
Mrs. Warren: He asked my terms, sir. I said fifty shillings a week. There is a small sitting-room and bedroom, and all complete, at the top of the house.
Holmes: Well?
###
Watson: Prints it?
Landlady: Yes, sir; prints it in pencil. Just the word, nothing more. Here's the one I brought to show you--soap. Here's another--match. This is one he left the first morning--daily gazette. I leave that paper with his breakfast every morning.
Holmes: Dear me, Watson, this is certainly a little unusual. Seclusion I can understand; but why print? Printing is a clumsy process. Why not write? What would it suggest, Watson?
Watson: That he desired to conceal his handwriting.
Holmes: But why? What can it matter to him that his landlady should have a word of his writing? Still, it may be as you say. Then, again, why such laconic messages? I cannot imagine. It opens a pleasing field for intelligent speculation. The words are written with a broad-pointed, violet-tinted pencil of a not unusual pattern. You will observe that the paper is torn away at the side here after the printing was done, so that the 's' of 'soap' is partly gone. Suggestive, Watson, is it not?
Watson: Of caution?
Holmes: Exactly. There was evidently some mark, some thumbprint, something which might give a clue to the person's identity. Now. Mrs. Warren, you say that the man was of middle size, dark, and bearded. What age would he be?
Landlady: Youngish, sir- not over thirty.
Holmes: Well, can you give me no further indications?
Landlady: He spoke good English, sir, and yet I thought he was a foreigner by his accent.
Holmes: And he was well dressed?
Landlady: Very smartly dressed, sir- quite the gentleman. Dark clothes- nothing you would note.
Holmes: He gave no name?
Landlady: No, sir.
Holmes: And has had no letters or callers?
Landlady: None.
Holmes: But surely you or the girl enter his room of a morning?
Landlady: No, sir; he looks after himself entirely.
Holmes: Dear me! that is certainly remarkable. What about his luggage?
Landlady: He had one big brown bag with him--nothing else.
Holmes: Well, we don't seem to have much material to help us. Do you say nothing has come out of that room--absolutely nothing?
###
Watson: Dear me! that is certainly remarkable. What about his luggage?
Holmes: He had one big brown bag with him--nothing else.
Watson: Well, we don't seem to have much material to help us. Do you say nothing has come out of that room--absolutely nothing?
Landlady: They were on his tray this morning. I brought them because I had heard that you can read great things out of small ones.
Holmes: There is nothing here. The matches have, of course, been used to light cigarettes. That is obvious from the shortness of the burnt end. Half the match is consumed in lighting a pipe or cigar. But, dear me! this cigarette stub is certainly remarkable. The gentleman was bearded and moustached, you say?
Landlady: Yes, sir.
Holmes: I don't understand that. I should say that only a clean-shaven man could have smoked this. Why, Watson, even your modest moustache would have been singed.
Watson: A holder?
Holmes: No, no; the end is matted. I suppose there could not be two people in your rooms, Mrs. Warren?
Landlady: No, sir. He eats so little that I often wonder it can keep life in one.
Holmes: Well, I think we must wait for a little more material. After all, you have nothing to complain of. You have received your rent, and he is not a troublesome lodger, though he is certainly an unusual one. He pays you well, and if he chooses to lie concealed it is no direct business of yours. We have no excuse for an intrusion upon his privacy until we have some reason to think that there is a guilty reason for it. I've taken up the matter, and I won't lose sight of it. Report to me if anything fresh occurs, and rely upon my assistance if it should be needed.
###
Holmes: There are certainly some points of interest in this case, Watson. It may, of course, be trivial--individual eccentricity; or it may be very much deeper than appears on the surface. The first thing that strikes one is the obvious possibility that the person now in the rooms may be entirely different from the one who engaged them.
Watson: Why should you think so?
Holmes: Well, apart from this cigarette-end, was it not suggestive that the only time the lodger went out was immediately after his taking the rooms? He came back--or someone came back--when all witnesses were out of the way. We have no proof that the person who came back was the person who went out. Then, again, the man who took the rooms spoke English well. This other, however, prints 'match' when it should have been 'matches.' I can imagine that the word was taken out of a dictionary, which would give the noun but not the plural. The laconic style may be to conceal the absence of knowledge of English. Yes, Watson, there are good reasons to suspect that there has been a substitution of lodgers.
Watson: But for what possible end?
###
Holmes: But for what possible end?
Watson: Ah! there lies our problem. There is one rather obvious line of investigation.
Holmes: Dear me! What a chorus of groans, cries, and bleatings! What a rag-bag of singular happenings! But surely the most valuable hunting-ground that ever was given to a student of the unusual! This person is alone and cannot be approached by letter without a breach of that absolute secrecy which is desired. How is any news or any message to reach him from without? Obviously by advertisement through a newspaper. There seems no other way, and fortunately we need concern ourselves with the one paper only. Here are the Daily Gazette extracts of the last fortnight. 'Lady with a black boa at Prince's Skating Club'--that we may pass. 'Surely Jimmy will not break his mother's heart'--that appears to be irrelevant. 'If the lady who fainted on Brixton bus'--she does not interest me. 'Every day my heart longs--' Bleat, Watson--unmitigated bleat! Ah, this is a little more possible. Listen to this: 'Be patient. Will find some sure means of communications. Meanwhile, this column. G.' That is two days after Mrs. Warren's lodger arrived. It sounds plausible, does it not? The mysterious one could understand English, even if he could not print it. Let us see if we can pick up the trace again. Yes, here we are--three days later. 'Am making successful arrangements. Patience and prudence. The clouds will pass. G.' Nothing for a week after that. Then comes something much more definite: 'The path is clearing. If I find chance signal message remember code agreed--One A, two B, and so on. You will hear soon. G.' That was in yesterday's paper, and there is nothing in to-day's. It's all very appropriate to Mrs. Warren's lodger. If we wait a little, Watson, I don't doubt that the affair will grow more intelligible.
###
Watson: How's this, Holmes? 'High red house with white stone facings. Third floor. Second window left. After dusk. G.' That is definite enough. I think after breakfast we must make a little reconnaissance of Mrs. Warren's neighbourhood. Ah, Mrs. Warren! what news do you bring us this morning?
Holmes: It's a police matter, Mr. Holmes! I'll have no more of it! He shall pack out of there with his baggage. I would have gone straight up and told him so, only I thought it was but fair to you to take your opinion first. But I'm at the end of my patience, and when it comes to knocking my old man about--
Watson: Knocking Mr. Warren about?
Mrs. Warren: Using him roughly, anyway.
Watson: But who used him roughly?
Mrs. Warren: Ah! that's what we want to know! It was this morning, sir. Mr. Warren is a timekeeper at Morton and Waylight's, in Tottenham Court Road. He has to be out of the house before seven. Well, this morning he had not gone ten paces down the road when two men came up behind him, threw a coat over his head, and bundled him into a cab that was beside the curb. They drove him an hour, and then opened the door and shot him out. He lay in the roadway so shaken in his wits that he never saw what became of the cab. When he picked himself up he found he was on Hampstead Heath; so he took a bus home, and there he lies now on his sofa, while I came straight round to tell you what had happened.
Holmes: Most interesting. Did he observe the appearance of these men--did he hear them talk?
Mrs. Warren: No; he is clean dazed. He just knows that he was lifted up as if by magic and dropped as if by magic. Two at least were in it, and maybe three.
Holmes: And you connect this attack with your lodger?
###
Mrs. Warren: No; he is clean dazed. He just knows that he was lifted up as if by magic and dropped as if by magic. Two at least were in it, and maybe three.
Mrs. Warren: Well, we've lived there fifteen years and no such happenings ever came before. I've had enough of him. Money's not everything. I'll have him out of my house before the day is done.
Holmes: Wait a bit, Mrs. Warren. Do nothing rash. I begin to think that this affair may be very much more important than appeared at first sight. It is clear now that some danger is threatening your lodger. It is equally clear that his enemies, lying in wait for him near your door, mistook your husband for him in the foggy morning light. On discovering their mistake they released him. What they would have done had it not been a mistake, we can only conjecture.
Mrs. Warren: Well, what am I to do, Mr. Holmes?
Holmes: I have a great fancy to see this lodger of yours, Mrs. Warren.
Mrs. Warren: I don't see how that is to be managed, unless you break in the door. I always hear him unlock it as I go down the stair after I leave the tray.
Holmes: He has to take the tray in. Surely we could conceal ourselves and see him do it.
Mrs. Warren: Well, sir, there's the box-room opposite. I could arrange a looking-glass, maybe, and if you were behind the door--
Holmes: Excellent! When does he lunch?
Mrs. Warren: About one, sir.
Holmes: Then Dr. Watson and I will come round in time. For the present, Mrs. Warren, good-bye.
###
Holmes: See, Watson! 'High red house with stone facings.' There is the signal station all right. We know the place, and we know the code; so surely our task should be simple. There's a 'to let' card in that window. It is evidently an empty flat to which the confederate has access. Well, Mrs. Warren, what now?
Mrs. Warren: I have it all ready for you. If you will both come up and leave your boots below on the landing, I'll put you there now.
Narrator: It was an excellent hiding-place which she had arranged. The mirror was so placed that, seated in the dark, we could very plainly see the door opposite. We had hardly settled down in it, and Mrs. Warren left us, when a distant tinkle announced that our mysterious neighbour had rung. Presently the landlady appeared with the tray, laid it down upon a chair beside the closed door, and then, treading heavily, departed. Crouching together in the angle of the door, we kept our eyes fixed upon the mirror. Suddenly, as the landlady's footsteps died away, there was the creak of a turning key, the handle revolved, and two thin hands darted out and lifted the tray form the chair. An instant later it was hurriedly replaced, and I caught a glimpse of a dark, beautiful, horrified face glaring at the narrow opening of the box-room. Then the door crashed to, the key turned once more, and all was silence. Holmes twitched my sleeve, and together we stole down the stair.
Holmes: I will call again in the evening. I think, Watson, we can discuss this business better in our own quarters.
Holmes: My surmise, as you saw, proved to be correct. There has been a substitution of lodgers. What I did not foresee is that we should find a woman, and no ordinary woman, Watson.
Watson: She saw us.
###
Holmes: My surmise, as you saw, proved to be correct. There has been a substitution of lodgers. What I did not foresee is that we should find a woman, and no ordinary woman, Watson.
Watson: She saw us.
Holmes: Well, she saw something to alarm her. That is certain. The general sequence of events is pretty clear, is it not? A couple seek refuge in London from a very terrible and instant danger. The measure of that danger is the rigour of their precautions. The man, who has some work which he must do, desires to leave the woman in absolute safety while he does it. It is not an easy problem, but he solved it in an original fashion, and so effectively that her presence was not even known to the landlady who supplies her with food. The printed messages, as is now evident, were to prevent her sex being discovered by her writing. The man cannot come near the woman, or he will guide their enemies to her. Since he cannot communicate with her direct, he has recourse to the agony column of a paper. So far all is clear.
Watson: But what is at the root of it?
Holmes: Ah, yes, Watson--severely practical, as usual! What is at the root of it all? Mrs. Warren's whimsical problem enlarges somewhat and assumes a more sinister aspect as we proceed. This much we can say: that it is no ordinary love escapade. You saw the woman's face at the sign of danger. We have heard, too, of the attack upon the landlord, which was undoubtedly meant for the lodger. These alarms, and the desperate need for secrecy, argue that the matter is one of life or death. The attack upon Mr. Warren further shows that the enemy, whoever they are, are themselves not aware of the substitution of the female lodger for the male. It is very curious and complex, Watson.
Watson: Why should you go further in it? What have you to gain from it?
Holmes: What, indeed? It is art for art's sake, Watson. I suppose when you doctored you found yourself studying cases without thought of a fee?
Watson: For my education, Holmes.
###
Watson: Why should you go further in it? What have you to gain from it?
Holmes: What, indeed? It is art for art's sake, Watson. I suppose when you doctored you found yourself studying cases without thought of a fee?
Watson: For my education, Holmes.
Holmes: Education never ends, Watson. It is a series of lessons with the greatest for the last. This is an instructive case. There is neither money nor credit in it, and yet one would wish to tidy it up. When dusk comes we should find ourselves one stage advanced in our investigation.
Holmes: Someone is moving in that room. Yes, I can see his shadow. There he is again! He has a candle in his hand. Now he is peering across. He wants to be sure that she is on the lookout. Now he begins to flash. Take the message also, Watson, that we may check each other. A single flash--that is A, surely. Now, then. How many did you make it? Twenty. Do did In. That should mean T. AT--that's intelligible enough. Another T. Surely this is the beginning of a second word. Now, then--TENTA. Dead stop. That can't be all, Watson? ATTENTA gives no sense. Nor is it any better as three words AT, TEN, TA, unless T. A. are a person's initials. There it goes again! What's that? ATTE--why, it is the same message over again. Curious, Watson, very curious. Now he is off once more! AT--why he is repeating it for the third time. ATTENTA three times! How often will he repeat it? No, that seems to be the finish. He has withdrawn form the window. What do you make of it, Watson?
Watson: A cipher message, Holmes.
###
Watson: A cipher message, Holmes.
Holmes: And not a very obscure cipher, Watson. Why, of course, it is Italian! The A means that it is addressed to a woman. 'Beware! Beware! Beware!' How's that, Watson?
Watson: I believe you have hit it.
Holmes: Not a doubt of it. It is a very urgent message, thrice repeated to make it more so. But beware of what? Wait a bit, he is coming to the window once more.
Watson: PERICOLO--pericolo--eh, what's that, Watson? 'Danger,' isn't it? Yes, by Jove, it's a danger signal. There he goes again! PERI. Halloa, what on earth--
Holmes: This is serious, Watson, There is some devilry going forward! Why should such a message stop in such a way? I should put Scotland Yard in touch with this business--and yet, it is too pressing for us to leave.
Watson: Shall I go for the police?
Holmes: We must define the situation a little more clearly. It may bear some more innocent interpretation. Come, Watson, let us go across ourselves and see what we can make of it.
###
Watson: Shall I go for the police?
Holmes: We must define the situation a little more clearly. It may bear some more innocent interpretation. Come, Watson, let us go across ourselves and see what we can make of it.
Watson: As we walked rapidly down Howe Street I glanced back at the building which we had left. There, dimly outlined at the top window, I could see the shadow of a head, a woman's head, gazing tensely, rigidly, out into the night, waiting with breathless suspense for the renewal of that interrupted message. At the doorway of the Howe Street flats a man, muffled in a cravat and greatcoat, was leaning against the railing. He started as the hall-light fell upon our faces.
Gregson: Holmes!
Holmes: Why, Gregson! Journeys end with lovers' meetings. What brings you here?
Gregson: The same reasons that bring you, I expect. How you got on to it I can't imagine.
Holmes: Different threads, but leading up to the same tangle. I've been taking the signals.
Gregson: Signals?
Holmes: Yes, from that window. They broke off in the middle. We came over to see the reason. But since it is safe in your hands I see no object in continuing this business.
Gregson: Wait a bit! I'll do you this justice, Mr. Holmes, that I was never in a case yet that I didn't feel stronger for having you on my side. There's only the one exit to these flats, so we have him safe.
Holmes: Who is he?
Gregson: Well, well, we score over you for once, Mr. Holmes. You must give us best this time. May I introduce you to Mr. Sherlock Holmes? This is Mr. Leverton, of Pinkerton's American Agency.
Holmes: The hero of the Long Island cave mystery? Sir, I am pleased to meet you.
###
Holmes: The hero of the Long Island cave mystery? Sir, I am pleased to meet you.
American: I am on the trail of my life now, Mr. Holmes. If I can get Gorgiano--
Holmes: What! Gorgiano of the Red Circle?
American: Oh, he has a European fame, has he? Well, we've learned all about him in America. We know he is at the bottom of fifty murders, and yet we have nothing positive we can take him on. I tracked him over from New York, and I've been close to him for a week in London, waiting some excuse to get my hand on his collar. Mr. Gregson and I ran him to ground in that big tenement house, and there's only one door, so he can't slip us. There's three folk come out since he went in, but I'll swear he wasn't one of them.
Gregson: Mr. Holmes talks of signals. I expect, as usual, he knows a good deal that we don't.
Holmes: He's on to us!
American: Why do you think so?
Holmes: Well, it figures out that way, does it not? Here he is, sending out messages to an accomplice--there are several of his gang in London. Then suddenly, just as by your own account he was telling them that there was danger, he broke short off. What could it mean except that from the window he had suddenly either caught sight of us in the street, or in some way come to understand how close the danger was, and that he must act right away if he was to avoid it? What do you suggest, Mr. Holmes?
Holmes: That we go up at once and see for ourselves.
Gregson: But we have no warrant for his arrest.
Holmes: He is in unoccupied premises under suspicious circumstances. That is good enough for the moment. When we have him by the heels we can see if New York can't help us to keep him. I'll take the responsibility of arresting him now.
###
American detective: By George! it's Black Gorgiano himself! Someone has got ahead of us this time.
Gregson: Here is the candle in the window, Mr. Holmes. Why, whatever are you doing?
Holmes: I rather think that will be helpful. You say that three people came out form the flat while you were waiting downstairs. Did you observe them closely?
Gregson: Yes, I did.
Holmes: Was there a fellow about thirty, black-bearded, dark, of middle size?
Gregson: Yes; he was the last to pass me.
Holmes: That is your man, I fancy. I can give you his description, and we have a very excellent outline of his footmark. That should be enough for you.
Gregson: Not much, Mr. Holmes, among the millions of London.
Holmes: Perhaps not. That is why I thought it best to summon this lady to your aid.
Mysterious lodger: You have killed him! Oh, Dio mio, you have killed him!
Mysterious lodger: But you! You are police, are you not? You have killed Giuseppe Gorgiano. Is it not so?
###
Emilia Lucca: But you! You are police, are you not? You have killed Giuseppe Gorgiano. Is it not so?
Police: We are police, madam.
Emilia Lucca: But where, then, is Gennaro? He is my husband, Gennaro Lucca. I am Emilia Lucca, and we are both from New York. Where is Gennaro? He called me this moment from this window, and I ran with all my speed.
Holmes: It was I who called. Your cipher was not difficult, madam. Your presence here was desirable. I knew that I had only to flash 'Vieni' and you would surely come.
Emilia Lucca: You! How could you call?
Holmes: Your cipher was not difficult, madam. Your presence here was desirable. I knew that I had only to flash 'Vieni' and you would surely come.
Emilia Lucca: I do not understand how you know these things. Giuseppe Gorgiano--how did he-- Now I see it! My Gennaro! My splendid, beautiful Gennaro, who has guarded me safe from all harm, he did it, with his own strong hand he killed the monster! Oh, Gennaro, how wonderful you are! What woman could every be worthy of such a man?
Gregson: One moment, Gregson, I rather fancy that this lady may be as anxious to give us information as we can be to get it. You understand, madam, that your husband will be arrested and tried for the death of the man who lies before us? What you say may be used in evidence. But if you think that he has acted from motives which are not criminal, and which he would wish to have known, then you cannot serve him better than by telling us the whole story.
Emilia Lucca: Now that Gorgiano is dead we fear nothing. He was a devil and a monster, and there can be no judge in the world who would punish my husband for having killed him.
###
Lady: Now that Gorgiano is dead we fear nothing. He was a devil and a monster, and there can be no judge in the world who would punish my husband for having killed him.
Holmes: In that case, my suggestion is that we lock this door, leave things as we found them, go with this lady to her room, and form our opinion after we have heard what it is that she has to say to us.
Narrator: Half an hour later we were seated, all four, in the small sitting-room of Signora Lucca, listening to her remarkable narrative of those sinister events, the ending of which we had chanced to witness. She spoke in rapid and fluent but very unconventional English, which, for the sake of clearness, I will make grammatical.
Signora Lucca: I was born in Posilippo, near Naples, and was the daughter of Augusto Barelli, who was the chief lawyer and once the deputy of that part. Gennaro was in my father's employment, and I came to love him, as any woman must. He had neither money nor position--nothing but his beauty and strength and energy--so my father forbade the match. We fled together, were married at Bari, and sold my jewels to gain the money which would take us to America. This was four years ago, and we have been in New York ever since.
###
Holmes: Education, Gregson, education. Still seeking knowledge at the old university. Well, Watson, you have one more specimen of the tragic and grotesque to add to your collection. By the way, it is not eight o'clock, and a Wagner night at Covent Garden! If we hurry, we might be in time for the second act.
Watson: Nothing of interest in the paper, Holmes?
Holmes: Anything of interest, Watson, meant anything of criminal interest. 
Watson: I could see nothing recorded in the shape of crime which was not commonplace and futile.
Holmes: *groaned* and resumed his restless meanderings.
###
Holmes: The London criminal is certainly a dull fellow. Look out this window, Watson. See how the figures loom up, are dimly seen, and then blend once more into the cloud-bank. The thief or the murderer could roam London on such a day as the tiger does the jungle, unseen until he pounces, and then evident only to his victim.
Watson: There have been numerous petty thefts.
Holmes: This great and sombre stage is set for something more worthy than that. It is fortunate for this community that I am not a criminal.
Watson: It is, indeed!
Holmes: Suppose that I were Brooks or Woodhouse, or any of the fifty men who have good reason for taking my life, how long could I survive against my own pursuit? A summons, a bogus appointment, and all would be over. It is well they don't have days of fog in the Latin countries--the countries of assassination. By Jove! here comes something at last to break our dead monotony.
Maid: Well, well! What next? Brother Mycroft is coming round.
Watson: Why not?
Holmes: Why not? It is as if you met a tram-car coming down a country lane. Mycroft has his rails and he runs on them. His Pall Mall lodgings, the Diogenes Club, Whitehall--that is his cycle. Once, and only once, he has been here. What upheaval can possibly have derailed him?
Watson: Does he not explain?
Holmes: Must see you over Cadogen West. Coming at once. Mycroft.
Watson: Cadogen West? I have heard the name.
Holmes: It recalls nothing to my mind. But that Mycroft should break out in this erratic fashion! A planet might as well leave its orbit. By the way, do you know what Mycroft is?
Watson: You told me that he had some small office under the British government.
Holmes: Holmes chuckled.
###
Watson: I had some vague recollection of an explanation at the time of the Adventure of the Greek Interpreter. "You told me that he had some small office under the British government."
Holmes: I did not know you quite so well in those days. One has to be discreet when one talks of high matters of state. You are right in thinking that he is under the British government. You would also be right in a sense if you said that occasionally he is the British government.
Watson: My dear Holmes!
Holmes: I thought I might surprise you. Mycroft draws four hundred and fifty pounds a year, remains a subordinate, has no ambitions of any kind, will receive neither honour nor title, but remains the most indispensable man in the country.
Watson: But how?
###
Holmes: I thought I might surprise you. Mycroft draws four hundred and fifty pounds a year, remains a subordinate, has no ambitions of any kind, will receive neither honour nor title, but remains the most indispensable man in the country.
Watson: But how?
Holmes: Well, his position is unique. He has made it for himself. There has never been anything like it before, nor will be again. He has the tidiest and most orderly brain, with the greatest capacity for storing facts, of any man living. The same great powers which I have turned to the detection of crime he has used for this particular business. The conclusions of every department are passed to him, and he is the central exchange, the clearinghouse, which makes out the balance. All other men are specialists, but his specialism is omniscience. We will suppose that a minister needs information as to a point which involves the Navy, India, Canada and the bimetallic question; he could get his separate advices from various departments upon each, but only Mycroft can focus them all, and say offhand how each factor would affect the other. They began by using him as a short-cut, a convenience; now he has made himself an essential. In that great brain of his everything is pigeon-holed and can be handed out in an instant. Again and again his word has decided the national policy. He lives in it. He thinks of nothing else save when, as an intellectual exercise, he unbends if I call upon him and ask him to advise me on one of my little problems. But Jupiter is descending to-day. What on earth can it mean? Who is Cadogan West, and what is he to Mycroft?
Watson: I have it, I cried, and plunged among the litter of papers upon the sofa. Yes, yes, here he is, sure enough! Cadogen West was the young man who was found dead on the Underground on Tuesday morning.
Holmes: sat up at attention, his pipe halfway to his lips.
###
Holmes: This must be serious, Watson. A death which has caused my brother to alter his habits can be no ordinary one. What in the world can he have to do with it? The case was featureless as I remember it. The young man had apparently fallen out of the train and killed himself. He had not been robbed, and there was no particular reason to suspect violence. Is that not so?
Watson: There has been an inquest, and a good many fresh facts have come out. Looked at more closely, I should certainly say that it was a curious case.
Holmes: Judging by its effect upon my brother, I should think it must be a most extraordinary one. Now, Watson, let us have the facts.
Watson: The man's name was Arthur Cadogan West. He was twenty-seven years of age, unmarried, and a clerk at Woolwich Arsenal.
Holmes: Government employ. Behold the link with Brother Mycroft!
Watson: He left Woolwich suddenly on Monday night. Was last seen by his fiancee, Miss Violet Westbury, whom he left abruptly in the fog about 7.30 that evening. There was no quarrel between them and she can give no motive for his action. The next thing heard of him was when his dead body was discovered by a plate-layer named Mason, just outside Aldgate Station on the Underground system in London.
Holmes: When?
Watson: The body was found at six on Tuesday morning. It was lying wide of the metals upon the left hand of the track as one goes eastward, at a point close to the station, where the line emerges from the tunnel in which it runs. The head was badly crushed--an injury which might well have been caused by a fall from the train. The body could only have come on the line in that way. Had it been carried down from any neighbouring street, it must have passed the station barriers, where a collector is always standing. This point seems absolutely certain.
Holmes: Very good. The case is definite enough. The man, dead or alive, either fell or was precipitated from a train. So much is clear to me. Continue.
###
Holmes: Very good. The case is definite enough. The man, dead or alive, either fell or was precipitated from a train. So much is clear to me. Continue.
Watson: The trains which traverse the lines of rail beside which the body was found are those which run from west to east, some being purely Metropolitan, and some from Willesden and outlying junctions. It can be stated for certain that this young man, when he met his death, was travelling in this direction at some late hour of the night, but at what point he entered the train it is impossible to state.
Holmes: His ticket, of course, would show that.
Watson: There was no ticket in his pockets.
Holmes: No ticket! Dear me, Watson, this is really very singular. According to my experience it is not possible to reach the platform of a Metropolitan train without exhibiting one's ticket. Presumably, then, the young man had one. Was it taken from him in order to conceal the station from which he came? It is possible. Or did he drop it in the carriage? That is also possible. But the point is of curious interest. I understand that there was no sign of robbery?
Watson: Apparently not. There is a list here of his possessions. His purse contained two pounds fifteen. He had also a check-book on the Woolwich branch of the Capital and Counties Bank. Through this his identity was established. There were also two dress-circle tickets for the Woolwich Theatre, dated for that very evening. Also a small packet of technical papers.
Holmes: There we have it at last, Watson! British government--Woolwich. Arsenal--technical papers--Brother Mycroft, the chain is complete. But here he comes, if I am not mistaken, to speak for himself.
###
Holmes: There we have it at last, Watson! British government--Woolwich. Arsenal--technical papers--Brother Mycroft, the chain is complete. But here he comes, if I am not mistaken, to speak for himself.
Mycroft: A most annoying business, Sherlock. I extremely dislike altering my habits, but the powers that be would take no denial. In the present state of Siam it is most awkward that I should be away from the office. But it is a real crisis. I have never seen the Prime Minister so upset. As to the Admiralty--it is buzzing like an overturned bee-hive. Have you read up the case?
Holmes: We have just done so. What were the technical papers?
Mycroft: Ah, there's the point! Fortunately, it has not come out. The press would be furious if it did. The papers which this wretched youth had in his pocket were the plans of the Bruce-Partington submarine.
Mycroft: Surely you have heard of it? I thought everyone had heard of it.
###
Holmes: Why do you not solve it yourself, Mycroft? You can see as far as I.
Mycroft: Possibly, Sherlock. But it is a question of getting details. Give me your details, and from an armchair I will return you an excellent expert opinion. But to run here and run there, to cross-question railway guards, and lie on my face with a lens to my eye--it is not my mtier. No, you are the one man who can clear the matter up. If you have a fancy to see your name in the next honours list--
Holmes: I play the game for the game's own sake. But the problem certainly presents some points of interest, and I shall be very pleased to look into it. Some more facts, please.
Mycroft: I have jotted down the more essential ones upon this sheet of paper, together with a few addresses which you will find of service. The actual official guardian of the papers is the famous government expert, Sir James Walter, whose decorations and sub-titles fill two lines of a book of reference. He has grown gray in the service, is a gentleman, a favoured guest in the most exalted houses, and, above all, a man whose patriotism is beyond suspicion. He is one of two who have a key of the safe. I may add that the papers were undoubtedly in the office during working hours on Monday, and that Sir James left for London about three o'clock taking his key with him. He was at the house of Admiral Sinclair at Barclay Square during the whole of the evening when this incident occurred.
Holmes: Has the fact been verified?
Mycroft: Yes; his brother, Colonel Valentine Walter, has testified to his departure from Woolwich, and Admiral Sinclair to his arrival in London; so Sir James is no longer a direct factor in the problem.
Holmes: Who was the other man with a key?
###
Watson: Yes; his brother, Colonel Valentine Walter, has testified to his departure from Woolwich, and Admiral Sinclair to his arrival in London; so Sir James is no longer a direct factor in the problem.
Holmes: Who was the other man with a key?
Watson: The senior clerk and draughtsman, Mr. Sidney Johnson. He is a man of forty, married, with five children. He is a silent, morose man, but he has, on the whole, an excellent record in the public service. He is unpopular with his colleagues, but a hard worker. According to his own account, corroborated only by the word of his wife, he was at home the whole of Monday evening after office hours, and his key has never left the watch-chain upon which it hangs.
Holmes: Tell us about Cadogan West.
Watson: He has been ten years in the service and has done good work. He has the reputation of being hot-headed and imperious, but a straight, honest man. We have nothing against him. He was next Sidney Johnson in the office. His duties brought him into daily, personal contact with the plans. No one else had the handling of them.
Holmes: Who locked up the plans that night?
Watson: Mr. Sidney Johnson, the senior clerk.
Holmes: Well, it is surely perfectly clear who took them away. They are actually found upon the person of this junior clerk, Cadogan West. That seems final, does it not?
Watson: It does, Sherlock, and yet it leaves so much unexplained. In the first place, why did he take them?
Holmes: I presume they were of value?
Watson: He could have got several thousands for them very easily.
Holmes: Can you suggest any possible motive for taking the papers to London except to sell them?
Watson: No, I cannot.
Holmes: Then we must take that as our working hypothesis. Young West took the papers. Now this could only be done by having a false key--
Watson: Several false keys. He had to open the building and the room.
###
Holmes: No, I cannot.
Holmes: Then we must take that as our working hypothesis. Young West took the papers. Now this could only be done by having a false key--
Watson: Several false keys. He had to open the building and the room.
Holmes: He had, then, several false keys. He took the papers to London to sell the secret, intending, no doubt, to have the plans themselves back in the safe next morning before they were missed. While in London on this treasonable mission he met his end.
Watson: How?
Holmes: We will suppose that he was travelling back to Woolwich when he was killed and thrown out of the compartment.
Watson: Aldgate, where the body was found, is considerably past the station London Bridge, which would be his route to Woolwich.
Holmes: Many circumstances could be imagined under which he would pass London Bridge. There was someone in the carriage, for example, with whom he was having an absorbing interview. This interview led to a violent scene in which he lost his life. Possibly he tried to leave the carriage, fell out on the line, and so met his end. The other closed the door. There was a thick fog, and nothing could be seen.
Watson: No better explanation can be given with our present knowledge; and yet consider, Sherlock, how much you leave untouched. We will suppose, for argument's sake, that young Cadogan West had determined to convey these papers to London. He would naturally have made an appointment with the foreign agent and kept his evening clear. Instead of that he took two tickets for the theatre, escorted his fiancee halfway there, and then suddenly disappeared.
Lestrade: A blind.
###
Lestrade: A blind.
Lestrade: A very singular one. That is objection No. 1. Objection No. 2: We will suppose that he reaches London and sees the foreign agent. He must bring back the papers before morning or the loss will be discovered. He took away ten. Only seven were in his pocket. What had become of the other three? He certainly would not leave them of his own free will. Then, again, where is the price of his treason? Once would have expected to find a large sum of money in his pocket.
Lestrade: It seems to me perfectly clear, I have no doubt at all as to what occurred. He took the papers to sell them. He saw the agent. They could not agree as to price. He started home again, but the agent went with him. In the train the agent murdered him, took the more essential papers, and threw his body from the carriage. That would account for everything, would it not?
Holmes: Why had he no ticket?
Lestrade: The ticket would have shown which station was nearest the agent's house. Therefore he took it from the murdered man's pocket.
Holmes: Good, Lestrade, very good. Your theory holds together. But if this is true, then the case is at an end. On the one hand, the traitor is dead. On the other, the plans of the Bruce-Partington submarine are presumably already on the Continent. What is there for us to do?
Mycroft: To act, Sherlock--to act! All my instincts are against this explanation. Use your powers! Go to the scene of the crime! See the people concerned! Leave no stone unturned! In all your career you have never had so great a chance of serving your country.
Holmes: Well, well! Come, Watson! And you, Lestrade, could you favour us with your company for an hour or two? We will begin our investigation by a visit to Aldgate Station. Good-bye, Mycroft. I shall let you have a report before evening, but I warn you in advance that you have little to expect.
###
Holmes: This is where the young man's body lay. It could not have fallen from above, for these, as you see, are all blank walls. Therefore, it could only have come from a train, and that train, so far as we can trace it, must have passed about midnight on Monday.
Railway Company Representative: Have the carriages been examined for any sign of violence?
Holmes: There are no such signs, and no ticket has been found. No record of a door being found open?
Railway Company Representative: None.
Lestrade: We have had some fresh evidence this morning. A passenger who passed Aldgate in an ordinary Metropolitan train about 11.40 on Monday night declares that he heard a heavy thud, as of a body striking the line, just before the train reached the station. There was dense fog, however, and nothing could be seen. He made no report of it at the time. Why, whatever is the matter with Mr. Holmes?
Watson: Points. The points.
Watson: What of it? What do you mean?
Holmes: I suppose there are no great number of points on a system such as this?
Watson: No; they are very few.
Holmes: And a curve, too. Points, and a curve. By Jove! if it were only so. What is it, Mr. Holmes? Have you a clue?
Holmes: An idea--an indication, no more. But the case certainly grows in interest. Unique, perfectly unique, and yet why not? I do not see any indications of bleeding on the line.
Watson: There were hardly any.
###
Watson: What is it, Mr. Holmes? Have you a clue?
Holmes: An idea--an indication, no more. But the case certainly grows in interest. Unique, perfectly unique, and yet why not? I do not see any indications of bleeding on the line.
Watson: There were hardly any. But I understand that there was a considerable wound.
Holmes: The bone was crushed, but there was no great external injury. And yet one would have expected some bleeding. Would it be possible for me to inspect the train which contained the passenger who heard the thud of a fall in the fog?
Watson: I fear not, Mr. Holmes. The train has been broken up before now, and the carriages redistributed.
Lestrade: I can assure you, Mr. Holmes, that every carriage has been carefully examined. I saw to it myself.
Watson: It was one of my friend's most obvious weaknesses that he was impatient with less alert intelligences than his own.
Holmes: Very likely. As it happens, it was not the carriages which I desired to examine. Watson, we have done all we can here. We need not trouble you any further, Mr. Lestrade. I think our investigations must now carry us to Woolwich.
Holmes: That should be helpful, Watson. We certainly owe Brother Mycroft a debt for having introduced us to what promises to be a really very remarkable case.
###
Holmes: That should be helpful, Watson. We certainly owe Brother Mycroft a debt for having introduced us to what promises to be a really very remarkable case.
Holmes: There is material here. There is scope. I am dull indeed not to have understood its possibilities.
Watson: Even now they are dark to me.
Holmes: The end is dark to me also, but I have hold of one idea which may lead us far. The man met his death elsewhere, and his body was on the roof of a carriage.
Watson: On the roof!
Holmes: Remarkable, is it not? But consider the facts. Is it a coincidence that it is found at the very point where the train pitches and sways as it comes round on the points? Is not that the place where an object upon the roof might be expected to fall off? The points would affect no object inside the train. Either the body fell from the roof, or a very curious coincidence has occurred. But now consider the question of the blood. Of course, there was no bleeding on the line if the body had bled elsewhere. Each fact is suggestive in itself. Together they have a cumulative force.
Watson: And the ticket, too!
Holmes: Exactly. We could not explain the absence of a ticket. This would explain it. Everything fits together.
Watson: But suppose it were so, we are still as far as ever from unravelling the mystery of his death. Indeed, it becomes not simpler but stranger.
###
Holmes: Exactly. We could not explain the absence of a ticket. This would explain it. Everything fits together.
Watson: But suppose it were so, we are still as far as ever from unravelling the mystery of his death. Indeed, it becomes not simpler but stranger.
Holmes: Perhaps. Perhaps.
Holmes: We have quite a little round of afternoon calls to make. I think that Sir James Walter claims our first attention.
Butler: Sir James, sir! Sir James died this morning.
Holmes: Good heavens! How did he die?
Butler: Perhaps you would care to step in, sir, and see his brother, Colonel Valentine?
Holmes: Yes, we had best do so.
Colonel Valentine: It was this horrible scandal. My brother, Sir James, was a man of very sensitive honour, and he could not survive such an affair. It broke his heart. He was always so proud of the efficiency of his department, and this was a crushing blow.
Colonel Valentine: We had hoped that he might have given us some indications which would have helped us to clear the matter up.
Colonel Valentine: I assure you that it was all a mystery to him as it is to you and to all of us. He had already put all his knowledge at the disposal of the police. Naturally he had no doubt that Cadogan West was guilty. But all the rest was inconceivable.
###
Holmes: I assure you that it was all a mystery to him as it is to you and to all of us. He had already put all his knowledge at the disposal of the police. Naturally he had no doubt that Cadogan West was guilty. But all the rest was inconceivable.
Watson: You cannot throw any new light upon the affair?
Holmes: I know nothing myself save what I have read or heard. I have no desire to be discourteous, but you can understand, Mr. Holmes, that we are much disturbed at present, and I must ask you to hasten this interview to an end.
Holmes: This is indeed an unexpected development. I wonder if the death was natural, or whether the poor old fellow killed himself! If the latter, may it be taken as some sign of self-reproach for duty neglected? We must leave that question to the future. Now we shall turn to the Cadogan Wests.
Watson: I cannot explain it, Mr. Holmes. I have not shut an eye since the tragedy, thinking, thinking, thinking, night and day, what the true meaning of it can be. Arthur was the most single-minded, chivalrous, patriotic man upon earth. He would have cut his right hand off before he would sell a State secret confided to his keeping. It is absurd, impossible, preposterous to anyone who knew him.
Holmes: But the facts, Miss Westbury?
Watson: Yes, yes; I admit I cannot explain them.
Holmes: Was he in any want of money?
Watson: No; his needs were very simple and his salary ample. He had saved a few hundreds, and we were to marry at the New Year.
Holmes: No signs of any mental excitement? Come, Miss Westbury, be absolutely frank with us.
Watson: The quick eye of my companion had noted some change in her manner. She coloured and hesitated.
###
Holmes: No signs of any mental excitement? Come, Miss Westbury, be absolutely frank with us.
Miss Westbury: Yes, I had a feeling that there was something on his mind.
Miss Westbury: Only for the last week or so. He was thoughtful and worried. Once I pressed him about it. He admitted that there was something, and that it was concerned with his official life. 'It is too serious for me to speak about, even to you,' said he. I could get nothing more.
Holmes: Go on, Miss Westbury. Even if it seems to tell against him, go on. We cannot say what it may lead to.
Miss Westbury: Indeed, I have nothing more to tell. Once or twice it seemed to me that he was on the point of telling me something. He spoke one evening of the importance of the secret, and I have some recollection that he said that no doubt foreign spies would pay a great deal to have it.
Holmes: Anything else?
Miss Westbury: He said that we were slack about such matters--that it would be easy for a traitor to get the plans.
Holmes: Was it only recently that he made such remarks?
Miss Westbury: Yes, quite recently.
Holmes: Now tell us of that last evening.
Miss Westbury: We were to go to the theatre. The fog was so thick that a cab was useless. We walked, and our way took us close to the office. Suddenly he darted away into the fog.
Holmes: Without a word?
Miss Westbury: He gave an exclamation; that was all. I waited but he never returned. Then I walked home. Next morning, after the office opened, they came to inquire. About twelve o'clock we heard the terrible news. Oh, Mr. Holmes, if you could only, only save his honour! It was so much to him.
Holmes: Come, Watson, our ways lie elsewhere. Our next station must be the office from which the papers were taken.
###
Holmes: Come, Watson, our ways lie elsewhere. Our next station must be the office from which the papers were taken.
Holmes: It was black enough before against this young man, but our inquiries make it blacker. His coming marriage gives a motive for the crime. He naturally wanted money. The idea was in his head, since he spoke about it. He nearly made the girl an accomplice in the treason by telling her his plans. It is all very bad.
Watson: But surely, Holmes, character goes for something? Then, again, why should he leave the girl in the street and dart away to commit a felony?
Holmes: Exactly! There are certainly objections. But it is a formidable case which they have to meet.
Sidney Johnson: It is bad, Mr. Holmes, very bad! Have you heard of the death of the chief?
Holmes: We have just come from his house.
Sidney Johnson: The place is disorganized. The chief dead, Cadogan West dead, our papers stolen. And yet, when we closed our door on Monday evening, we were as efficient an office as any in the government service. Good God, it's dreadful to think of! That West, of all men, should have done such a thing!
Holmes: You are sure of his guilt, then?
Sidney Johnson: I can see no other way out of it. And yet I would have trusted him as I trust myself.
Holmes: At what hour was the office closed on Monday?
Sidney Johnson: At five.
Holmes: Did you close it?
Sidney Johnson: I am always the last man out.
Holmes: Where were the plans?
Sidney Johnson: In that safe. I put them there myself.
Holmes: Is there no watchman to the building?
Sidney Johnson: There is, but he has other departments to look after as well. He is an old soldier and a most trustworthy man. He saw nothing that evening. Of course the fog was very thick.
###
Watson: Is there no watchman to the building?
Holmes: There is, but he has other departments to look after as well. He is an old soldier and a most trustworthy man. He saw nothing that evening. Of course the fog was very thick.
Watson: Suppose that Cadogan West wished to make his way into the building after hours; he would need three keys, would he not, before he could reach the papers?
Holmes: Yes, he would. The key of the outer door, the key of the office, and the key of the safe.
Watson: Only Sir James Walter and you had those keys?
Holmes: I had no keys of the doors--only of the safe.
Watson: Was Sir James a man who was orderly in his habits?
Holmes: Yes, I think he was. I know that so far as those three keys are concerned he kept them on the same ring. I have often seen them there.
Watson: And that ring went with him to London?
Holmes: He said so.
Watson: And your key never left your possession?
Holmes: Never.
Watson: Then West, if he is the culprit, must have had a duplicate. And yet none was found upon his body. One other point: if a clerk in this office desired to sell the plans, would it not be simpler to copy the plans for himself than to take the originals, as was actually done?
Holmes: It would take considerable technical knowledge to copy the plans in an effective way.
Watson: But I suppose either Sir James, or you, or West has that technical knowledge?
Holmes: No doubt we had, but I beg you won't try to drag me into the matter, Mr. Holmes. What is the use of our speculating in this way when the original plans were actually found on West?
Watson: Well, it is certainly singular that he should run the risk of taking originals if he could safely have taken copies, which would have equally served his turn.
Holmes: Singular, no doubt--and yet he did so.
Watson: Every inquiry in this case reveals something inexplicable. Now there are three papers still missing. They are, as I understand, the vital ones.
Holmes: Yes, that is so.
Watson: Do you mean to say that anyone holding these three papers, and without the seven others, could construct a Bruce-Partington submarine?
###
Holmes: Yes, that is so.
Watson: Do you mean to say that anyone holding these three papers, and without the seven others, could construct a Bruce-Partington submarine?
Holmes: I reported to that effect to the Admiralty. But to-day I have been over the drawings again, and I am not so sure of it. The double valves with the automatic self-adjusting slots are drawn in one of the papers which have been returned. Until the foreigners had invented that for themselves they could not make the boat. Of course they might soon get over the difficulty.
Watson: But the three missing drawings are the most important?
Holmes: Undoubtedly.
Watson: I think, with your permission, I will now take a stroll round the premises. I do not recall any other question which I desired to ask.
Holmes: The indications are ruined by three days' delay. They may mean something or nothing. Well, Watson, I do not think that Woolwich can help us further. It is a small crop which we have gathered. Let us see if we can do better in London.
###
Holmes: The indications are ruined by three days' delay. They may mean something or nothing. Well, Watson, I do not think that Woolwich can help us further. It is a small crop which we have gathered. Let us see if we can do better in London.
Holmes: Let us reconstruct, Watson. I am not aware that in all our joint researches we have ever had a case which was more difficult to get at. Every fresh advance which we make only reveals a fresh ridge beyond. And yet we have surely made some appreciable progress.
###
Holmes: The effect of our inquiries at Woolwich has in the main been against young Cadogan West; but the indications at the window would lend themselves to a more favourable hypothesis. Let us suppose, for example, that he had been approached by some foreign agent. It might have been done under such pledges as would have prevented him from speaking of it, and yet would have affected his thoughts in the direction indicated by his remarks to his fiancee. Very good. We will now suppose that as he went to the theatre with the young lady he suddenly, in the fog, caught a glimpse of this same agent going in the direction of the office. He was an impetuous man, quick in his decisions. Everything gave way to his duty. He followed the man, reached the window, saw the abstraction of the documents, and pursued the thief. In this way we get over the objection that no one would take originals when he could make copies. This outsider had to take originals. So far it holds together.
Watson: What is the next step?
Holmes: Then we come into difficulties. One would imagine that under such circumstances the first act of young Cadogan West would be to seize the villain and raise the alarm. Why did he not do so? Could it have been an official superior who took the papers? That would explain West's conduct. Or could the chief have given West the slip in the fog, and West started at once to London to head him off from his own rooms, presuming that he knew where the rooms were? The call must have been very pressing, since he left his girl standing in the fog and made no effort to communicate with her. Our scent runs cold here, and there is a vast gap between either hypothesis and the laying of West's body, with seven papers in his pocket, on the roof of a Metropolitan train. My instinct now is to work form the other end. If Mycroft has given us the list of addresses we may be able to pick our man and follow two tracks instead of one.
###
Holmes: I'm afraid that all the queen's horses and all the queen's men cannot avail in this matter.
Holmes: Well, well, things are turning a little in our direction at last. Why, Watson, I do honestly believe that we are going to pull it off, after all. I am going out now. It is only a reconnaissance. I will do nothing serious without my trusted comrade and biographer at my elbow. Do you stay here, and the odds are that you will see me again in an hour or two. If time hangs heavy get foolscap and a pen, and begin your narrative of how we saved the State.
Watson: I felt some reflection of his elation in my own mind, for I knew well that he would not depart so far from his usual austerity of demeanour unless there was good cause for exultation.
Watson: All the long November evening I waited, filled with impatience for his return.
Watson: Am dining at Goldini's Restaurant, Gloucester Road, Kensington. Please come at once and join me there. Bring with you a jemmy, a dark lantern, a chisel, and a revolver. S.H.
###
Watson: Have you had something to eat? Then join me in a coffee and curacao. Try one of the proprietor's cigars. They are less poisonous than one would expect. Have you the tools?
Holmes: They are here, in my overcoat.
Watson: Excellent. Let me give you a short sketch of what I have done, with some indication of what we are about to do. Now it must be evident to you, Watson, that this young man's body was placed on the roof of the train. That was clear from the instant that I determined the fact that it was from the roof, and not from a carriage, that he had fallen.
Watson: Could it not have been dropped from a bridge?
Holmes: I should say it was impossible. If you examine the roofs you will find that they are slightly rounded, and there is no railing round them. Therefore, we can say for certain that young Cadogan West was placed on it.
Watson: How could he be placed there?
Holmes: That was the question which we had to answer. There is only one possible way. You are aware that the Underground runs clear of tunnels at some points in the West End. I had a vague memory that as I have travelled by it I have occasionally seen windows just above my head. Now, suppose that a train halted under such a window, would there be any difficulty in laying a body upon the roof?
Watson: It seems most improbable.
###
Watson: It seems most improbable.
Holmes: We must fall back upon the old axiom that when all other contingencies fail, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth. Here all other contingencies have failed. When I found that the leading international agent, who had just left London, lived in a row of houses which abutted upon the Underground, I was so pleased that you were a little astonished at my sudden frivolity.
Watson: Oh, that was it, was it?
Holmes: Yes, that was it. Mr. Hugo Oberstein, of 13 Caulfield Gardens, had become my objective. I began my operations at Gloucester Road Station, where a very helpful official walked with me along the track and allowed me to satisfy myself not only that the back-stair windows of Caulfield Gardens open on the line but the even more essential fact that, owing to the intersection of one of the larger railways, the Underground trains are frequently held motionless for some minutes at that very spot.
Watson: Splendid, Holmes! You have got it!
Holmes: So far--so far, Watson. We advance, but the goal is afar. Well, having seen the back of Caulfield Gardens, I visited the front and satisfied myself that the bird was indeed flown. It is a considerable house, unfurnished, so far as I could judge, in the upper rooms. Oberstein lived there with a single valet, who was probably a confederate entirely in his confidence. We must bear in mind that Oberstein has gone to the Continent to dispose of his booty, but not with any idea of flight; for he had no reason to fear a warrant, and the idea of an amateur domiciliary visit would certainly never occur to him. Yet that is precisely what we are about to make.
Watson: Could we not get a warrant and legalize it?
Holmes: Hardly on the evidence.
Watson: What can we hope to do?
Holmes: We cannot tell what correspondence may be there.
Watson: I don't like it, Holmes.
###
Watson: Could we not get a warrant and legalize it?
Holmes: Hardly on the evidence.
Watson: What can we hope to do?
Holmes: We cannot tell what correspondence may be there.
Watson: I don't like it, Holmes.
Holmes: My dear fellow, you shall keep watch in the street. I'll do the criminal part. It's not a time to stick at trifles. Think of Mycroft's note, of the Admiralty, the Cabinet, the exalted person who waits for news. We are bound to go.
Watson: You are right, Holmes. We are bound to go.
Holmes: I knew you would not shrink at the last.
Holmes: It is nearly half a mile, but there is no hurry. Let us walk. Don't drop the instruments, I beg. Your arrest as a suspicious character would be a most unfortunate complication.
Holmes: This is a serious proposition. It is certainly bolted as well as locked. We would do better in the area. There is an excellent archway down yonder in case a too zealous policeman should intrude. Give me a hand, Watson, and I'll do the same for you.
###
Watson: Here we are, Watson--this must be the one.
Holmes: You can see where they rested the body. Halloa, Watson! what is this? There can be no doubt that it is a blood mark. Here it is on the stone of the stair also. The demonstration is complete. Let us stay here until a train stops.
Holmes: So far we are justified. What do you think of it, Watson?
Watson: A masterpiece. You have never risen to a greater height.
Holmes: I cannot agree with you there. From the moment that I conceived the idea of the body being upon the roof, which surely was not a very abstruse one, all the rest was inevitable. If it were not for the grave interests involved the affair up to this point would be insignificant. Our difficulties are still before us. But perhaps we may find something here which may help us.
###
Watson: The cunning dog has covered his tracks. He has left nothing to incriminate him. His dangerous correspondence has been destroyed or removed. This is our last chance.
Holmes: It was a small tin cash-box which stood upon the writing-desk. Holmes pried it open with his chisel. Several rolls of paper were within, covered with figures and calculations, without any note to show to what they referred. The recurring words, "water pressure" and "pressure to the square inch" suggested some possible relation to a submarine. Holmes tossed them all impatiently aside. There only remained an envelope with some small newspaper slips inside it. He shook them out on the table, and at once I saw by his eager face that his hopes had been raised.
Holmes: What's this, Watson? Eh? What's this? Record of a series of messages in the advertisements of a paper. Daily Telegraph agony column by the print and paper. Right-hand top corner of a page. No dates--but messages arrange themselves. This must be the first: "Hoped to hear sooner. Terms agreed to. Write fully to address given on card. Pierrot." Next comes: "Too complex for description. Must have full report, Stuff awaits you when goods delivered. Pierrot." Then comes: "Matter presses. Must withdraw offer unless contract completed. Make appointment by letter. Will confirm by advertisement. Pierrot." Finally:
###
Holmes: Matter presses. Must withdraw offer unless contract completed. Make appointment by letter. Will confirm by advertisement. Pierrot.
Holmes: Monday night after nine. Two taps. Only ourselves. Do not be so suspicious. Payment in hard cash when goods delivered. Pierrot.
Holmes: A fairly complete record, Watson! If we could only get at the man at the other end!
Holmes: Well, perhaps it won't be so difficult, after all. There is nothing more to be done here, Watson. I think we might drive round to the offices of the Daily Telegraph, and so bring a good day's work to a conclusion.
Watson: Mycroft Holmes and Lestrade had come round by appointment after breakfast next day and Sherlock Holmes had recounted to them our proceedings of the day before.
Lestrade: We can't do these things in the force, Mr. Holmes, said he. "No wonder you get results that are beyond us. But some of these days you'll go too far, and you'll find yourself and your friend in trouble."
Holmes: For England, home and beauty--eh, Watson? Martyrs on the altar of our country. But what do you think of it, Mycroft?
Mycroft: Excellent, Sherlock! Admirable! But what use will you make of it?
Holmes: Have you seen Pierrot's advertisement to-day?
Lestrade: By George! If he answers that we've got him!
Holmes: That was my idea when I put it in. I think if you could both make it convenient to come with us about eight o'clock to Caulfield Gardens we might possibly get a little nearer to a solution.
###
Holmes: That was my idea when I put it in. I think if you could both make it convenient to come with us about eight o'clock to Caulfield Gardens we might possibly get a little nearer to a solution.
Watson: One of the most remarkable characteristics of Sherlock Holmes was his power of throwing his brain out of action and switching all his thoughts on to lighter things whenever he had convinced himself that he could no longer work to advantage. I remember that during the whole of that memorable day he lost himself in a monograph which he had undertaken upon the Polyphonic Motets of Lassus. For my own part I had none of this power of detachment, and the day, in consequence, appeared to be interminable. The great national importance of the issue, the suspense in high quarters, the direct nature of the experiment which we were trying--all combined to work upon my nerve. It was a relief to me when at last, after a light dinner, we set out upon our expedition. Lestrade and Mycroft met us by appointment at the outside of Gloucester Road Station. The area door of Oberstein's house had been left open the night before, and it was necessary for me, as Mycroft Holmes absolutely and indignantly declined to climb the railings, to pass in and open the hall door. By nine o'clock we were all seated in the study, waiting patiently for our man.
Holmes: He is coming.
###
Holmes: He is coming.
Holmes: This way!
Holmes: You can write me down an ass this time, Watson. This was not the bird that I was looking for.
Mycroft: Who is he?
Holmes: The younger brother of the late Sir James Walter, the head of the Submarine Department. Yes, yes; I see the fall of the cards. He is coming to. I think that you had best leave his examination to me.
Prisoner: What is this? I came here to visit Mr. Oberstein.
###
Holmes: What is this? I came here to visit Mr. Oberstein.
Holmes: Everything is known, Colonel Walter. How an English gentleman could behave in such a manner is beyond my comprehension. But your whole correspondence and relations with Oberstein are within our knowledge. So also are the circumstances connected with the death of young Cadogan West. Let me advise you to gain at least the small credit for repentance and confession, since there are still some details which we can only learn from your lips.
Colonel Walter: *The man groaned and sank his face in his hands. We waited, but he was silent.*
Holmes: I can assure you that every essential is already known. We know that you were pressed for money; that you took an impress of the keys which your brother held; and that you entered into a correspondence with Oberstein, who answered your letters through the advertisement columns of the Daily Telegraph. We are aware that you went down to the office in the fog on Monday night, but that you were seen and followed by young Cadogan West, who had probably some previous reason to suspect you. He saw your theft, but could not give the alarm, as it was just possible that you were taking the papers to your brother in London. Leaving all his private concerns, like the good citizen that he was, he followed you closely in the fog and kept at your heels until you reached this very house. There he intervened, and then it was, Colonel Walter, that to treason you added the more terrible crime of murder.
Colonel Walter: I did not! I did not! Before God I swear that I did not!
Holmes: Tell us, then, how Cadogan West met his end before you laid him upon the roof of a railway carriage.
Colonel Walter: I will. I swear to you that I will. I did the rest. I confess it. It was just as you say. A Stock Exchange debt had to be paid. I needed the money badly. Oberstein offered me five thousand. It was to save myself from ruin. But as to murder, I am as innocent as you.
Holmes: What happened, then?
###
Holmes: What happened, then?
Watson: He had his suspicions before, and he followed me as you describe. I never knew it until I was at the very door. It was thick fog, and one could not see three yards. I had given two taps and Oberstein had come to the door. The young man rushed up and demanded to know what we were about to do with the papers. Oberstein had a short life-preserver. He always carried it with him. As West forced his way after us into the house Oberstein struck him on the head. The blow was a fatal one. He was dead within five minutes. There he lay in the hall, and we were at our wit's end what to do. Then Oberstein had this idea about the trains which halted under his back window. But first he examined the papers which I had brought. He said that three of them were essential, and that he must keep them. 'You cannot keep them,' said I. 'There will be a dreadful row at Woolwich if they are not returned.' 'I must keep them,' said he, 'for they are so technical that it is impossible in the time to make copies.' 'Then they must all go back together to-night,' said I. He thought for a little, and then he cried out that he had it. 'Three I will keep,' said he. 'The others we will stuff into the pocket of this young man. When he is found the whole business will assuredly be put to his account.' I could see no other way out of it, so we did as he suggested. We waited half an hour at the window before a train stopped. It was so thick that nothing could be seen, and we had no difficulty in lowering West's body on to the train. That was the end of the matter so far as I was concerned.
Watson: And your brother?
Holmes: He said nothing, but he had caught me once with his keys, and I think that he suspected. I read in his eyes that he suspected. As you know, he never held up his head again.
Mycroft Holmes: Can you not make reparation? It would ease your conscience, and possibly your punishment.
Holmes: What reparation can I make?
Holmes: Where is Oberstein with the papers?
Watson: I do not know.
###
Watson: Good God! Why did you not call in a doctor?
Mrs. Hudson: He wouldn't have it, sir. You know how masterful he is. I didn't dare to disobey him. But he's not long for this world, as you'll see for yourself the moment that you set eyes on him.
Watson: Well, Watson, we seem to have fallen upon evil days.
Holmes: Stand back! Stand right back! If you approach me, Watson, I shall order you out of the house.
Watson: But why?
Holmes: Because it is my desire. Is that not enough?
Watson: I only wished to help.
Holmes: Exactly! You will help best by doing what you are told.
Watson: Certainly, Holmes.
Holmes: You are not angry?
Watson: It's for your own sake, Watson.
Holmes: I know what is the matter with me. It is a coolie disease from Sumatra--a thing that the Dutch know more about than we, though they have made little of it up to date. One thing only is certain. It is infallibly deadly, and it is horribly contagious.
###
Holmes: Contagious by touch, Watson--that's it, by touch. Keep your distance and all is well.
Watson: Good heavens, Holmes! Do you suppose that such a consideration weighs with me of an instant? It would not affect me in the case of a stranger. Do you imagine it would prevent me from doing my duty to so old a friend?
Holmes: If you will stand there I will talk. If you do not you must leave the room.
Watson: Holmes, you are not yourself. A sick man is but a child, and so I will treat you. Whether you like it or not, I will examine your symptoms and treat you for them.
Holmes: If I am to have a doctor whether I will or not, let me at least have someone in whom I have confidence.
Watson: Then you have none in me?
Holmes: In your friendship, certainly. But facts are facts, Watson, and, after all, you are only a general practitioner with very limited experience and mediocre qualifications. It is painful to have to say these things, but you leave me no choice.
Watson: Such a remark is unworthy of you, Holmes. It shows me very clearly the state of your own nerves. But if you have no confidence in me I would not intrude my services. Let me bring Sir Jasper Meek or Penrose Fisher, or any of the best men in London. But someone you must have, and that is final. If you think that I am going to stand here and see you die without either helping you myself or bringing anyone else to help you, then you have mistaken your man.
###
Holmes: You mean well, Watson. Shall I demonstrate your own ignorance? What do you know, pray, of Tapanuli fever? What do you know of the black Formosa corruption?
Watson: I have never heard of either.
Holmes: There are many problems of disease, many strange pathological possibilities, in the East, Watson. I have learned so much during some recent researches which have a medico-criminal aspect. It was in the course of them that I contracted this complaint. You can do nothing.
Watson: Possibly not. But I happen to know that Dr. Ainstree, the greatest living authority upon tropical disease, is now in London. All remonstrance is useless, Holmes, I am going this instant to fetch him.
Holmes: You won't take the key from me by force, Watson, I've got you, my friend. Here you are, and here you will stay until I will otherwise. But I'll humour you. You've only my own good at heart. Of course I know that very well. You shall have your way, but give me time to get my strength. Not now, Watson, not now. It's four o'clock. At six you can go.
Watson: This is insanity, Holmes.
Holmes: Only two hours, Watson. I promise you will go at six. Are you content to wait?
Watson: I seem to have no choice.
Holmes: None in the world, Watson. Thank you, I need no help in arranging the clothes. You will please keep your distance. Now, Watson, there is one other condition that I would make. You will seek help, not from the man you mention, but from the one that I choose.
Watson: By all means.
###
Holmes: By all means.
Holmes: The first three sensible words that you have uttered since you entered this room, Watson. You will find some books over there. I am somewhat exhausted; I wonder how a battery feels when it pours electricity into a non-conductor? At six, Watson, we resume our conversation.
Watson: Put it down! Down, this instant, Watson--this instant, I say! I hate to have my things touched, Watson. You know that I hate it. You fidget me beyond endurance. You, a doctor--you are enough to drive a patient into an asylum. Sit down, man, and let me have my rest!
###
Watson: The incident left a most unpleasant impression upon my mind. The violent and causeless excitement, followed by this brutality of speech, so far removed from his usual suavity, showed me how deep was the disorganization of his mind. Of all ruins, that of a noble mind is the most deplorable. I sat in silent dejection until the stipulated time had passed. He seemed to have been watching the clock as well as I, for it was hardly six before he began to talk with the same feverish animation as before.
Holmes: Now, Watson, Have you any change in your pocket?
Watson: Yes.
Holmes: Any silver?
Watson: A good deal.
Holmes: How many half crowns?
Watson: I have five.
Holmes: Ah, too few! Too few! How very unfortunate, Watson! However, such as they are you can put them in your watchpocket. And all the rest of your money in your left trouser pocket. Thank you. It will balance you so much better like that.
Holmes: You will now light the gas, Watson, but you will be very careful that not for one instant shall it be more than half on. I implore you to be careful, Watson. Thank you, that is excellent. No, you need not draw the blind. Now you will have the kindness to place some letters and papers upon this table within my reach. Thank you. Now some of that litter from the mantelpiece. Excellent, Watson! There is a sugar-tongs there. Kindly raise that small ivory box with its assistance. Place it here among the papers. Good! You can now go and fetch Mr. Culverton Smith, of 13 Lower Burke Street.
Watson: To tell the truth, my desire to fetch a doctor had somewhat weakened, for poor Holmes was so obviously delirious that it seemed dangerous to leave him. However, he was as eager now to consult the person named as he had been obstinate in refusing.
Watson: I never heard the name.
###
Watson: I never heard the name.
Holmes: Possibly not, my good Watson. It may surprise you to know that the man upon earth who is best versed in this disease is not a medical man, but a planter. Mr. Culverton Smith is a well-known resident of Sumatra, now visiting London. An outbreak of the disease upon his plantation, which was distant from medical aid, caused him to study it himself, with some rather far-reaching consequences. He is a very methodical person, and I did not desire you to start before six, because I was well aware that you would not find him in his study. If you could persuade him to come here and give us the benefit of his unique experience of this disease, the investigation of which has been his dearest hobby, I cannot doubt that he could help me.
Watson: I gave Holmes's remarks as a consecutive whole and will not attempt to indicate how they were interrupted by gaspings for breath and those clutchings of his hands which indicated the pain from which he was suffering. His appearance had changed for the worse during the few hours that I had been with him. Those hectic spots were more pronounced, the eyes shone more brightly out of darker hollows, and a cold sweat glimmered upon his brow. He still retained, however, the jaunty gallantry of his speech. To the last gasp he would always be the master.
Holmes: You will tell him exactly how you have left me. You will convey the very impression which is in your own mind--a dying man--a dying and delirious man. Indeed, I cannot think why the whole bed of the ocean is not one solid mass of oysters, so prolific the creatures seem. Ah, I am wondering! Strange how the brain controls the brain! What was I saying, Watson?
Watson: My directions for Mr. Culverton Smith.
###
Watson: My directions for Mr. Culverton Smith.
Holmes: Ah, yes, I remember. My life depends upon it. Plead with him, Watson. There is no good feeling between us. His nephew, Watson--I had suspicions of foul play and I allowed him to see it. The boy died horribly. He has a grudge against me. You will soften him, Watson. Beg him, pray him, get him here by any means. He can save me--only he!
Watson: I will bring him in a cab, if I have to carry him down to it.
Holmes: You will do nothing of the sort. You will persuade him to come. And then you will return in front of him. Make any excuse so as not to come with him. Don't forget, Watson. You won't fail me. You never did fail me. No doubt there are natural enemies which limit the increase of the creatures. You and I, Watson, we have done our part. Shall the world, then, be overrun by oysters? No, no; horrible! You'll convey all that is in your mind.
Watson: I left him full of the image of this magnificent intellect babbling like a foolish child. He had handed me the key, and with a happy thought I took it with me lest he should lock himself in. Mrs. Hudson was waiting, trembling and weeping, in the passage. Behind me as I passed from the flat I heard Holmes's high, thin voice in some delirious chant. Below, as I stood whistling for a cab, a man came on me through the fog.
Watson: How is Mr. Holmes, sir?
Inspector Morton: He is very ill.
Inspector Morton: I heard some rumour of it.
###
Watson: It was on account of your special knowledge that Mr. Holmes desired to see you. He has a high opinion of you and thought that you were the one man in London who could help him.
Little man: Why? Why should Mr. Homes think that I could help him in his trouble?
Watson: Because of your knowledge of Eastern diseases.
Little man: But why should he think that this disease which he has contracted is Eastern?
Watson: Because, in some professional inquiry, he has been working among Chinese sailors down in the docks.
Mr. Culverton Smith: Oh, that's it--is it? I trust the matter is not so grave as you suppose. How long has he been ill?
Watson: About three days.
Mr. Culverton Smith: Is he delirious?
Watson: Occasionally.
Mr. Culverton Smith: Tut, tut! This sounds serious. It would be inhuman not to answer his call. I very much resent any interruption to my work, Dr. Watson, but this case is certainly exceptional. I will come with you at once.
Watson: I have another appointment.
Mr. Culverton Smith: Very good. I will go alone. I have a note of Mr. Holmes's address. You can rely upon my being there within half an hour at most.
Watson: Well, did you see him, Watson?
Holmes: Yes; he is coming.
Watson: He wished to return with me.
Holmes: That would never do, Watson. That would be obviously impossible. Did he ask what ailed me?
Watson: I told him about the Chinese in the East End.
Holmes: Exactly! Well, Watson, you have done all that a good friend could. You can now disappear from the scene.
Watson: I must wait and hear his opinion, Holmes.
###
Watson: I told him about the Chinese in the East End.
Holmes: Exactly! Well, Watson, you have done all that a good friend could. You can now disappear from the scene.
Watson: I must wait and hear his opinion, Holmes.
Holmes: Of course you must. But I have reasons to suppose that this opinion would be very much more frank and valuable if he imagines that we are alone. There is just room behind the head of my bed, Watson.
Watson: My dear Holmes!
Holmes: I fear there is no alternative, Watson. The room does not lend itself to concealment, which is as well, as it is the less likely to arouse suspicion. But just there, Watson, I fancy that it could be done. There are the wheels, Watson. Quick, man, if you love me! And don't budge, whatever happens--whatever happens, do you hear? Don't speak! Don't move! Just listen with all your ears.
Holmes: Holmes! Holmes! Can't you hear me, Holmes? Is that you, Mr. Smith? I hardly dared hope that you would come.
Mr. Smith: I should imagine not. And yet, you see, I am here. Coals of fire, Holmes--coals of fire!
Holmes: It is very good of you--very noble of you. I appreciate your special knowledge.
###
Unknown: I should imagine not. And yet, you see, I am here. Coals of fire, Holmes--coals of fire!
Holmes: It is very good of you--very noble of you. I appreciate your special knowledge.
Unknown: You do. You are, fortunately, the only man in London who does. Do you know what is the matter with you?
Holmes: The same.
Unknown: Ah! You recognize the symptoms?
Holmes: Only too well.
Unknown: Well, I shouldn't be surprised, Holmes. I shouldn't be surprised if it were the same. A bad lookout for you if it is. Poor Victor was a dead man on the fourth day--a strong, hearty young fellow. It was certainly, as you said, very surprising that he should have contracted an out-of-the-way Asiatic disease in the heart of London--a disease, too, of which I had made such a very special study. Singular coincidence, Holmes. Very smart of you to notice it, but rather uncharitable to suggest that it was cause and effect.
Holmes: I knew that you did it.
Unknown: Oh, you did, did you? Well, you couldn't prove it, anyhow. But what do you think of yourself spreading reports about me like that, and then crawling to me for help the moment you are in trouble? What sort of a game is that--eh?
Unknown: Give me the water! he gasped.
Unknown: You're precious near your end, my friend, but I don't want you to go till I have had a word with you. That's why I give you water. There, don't slop it about! That's right. Can you understand what I say?
Holmes: Do what you can for me. Let bygones be bygones, he whispered. I'll put the words out of my head--I swear I will. Only cure me, and I'll forget it.
Unknown: Forget what?
Holmes: Well, about Victor Savage's death. You as good as admitted just now that you had done it. I'll forget it.
Unknown: You can forget it or remember it, just as you like. I don't see you in the witnessbox. Quite another shaped box, my good Holmes, I assure you. It matters nothing to me that you should know how my nephew died. It's not him we are talking about. It's you.
###
Unknown: You can forget it or remember it, just as you like. I don't see you in the witness box. Quite another shaped box, my good Holmes, I assure you. It matters nothing to me that you should know how my nephew died. It's not him we are talking about. It's you.
Holmes: Yes, yes.
Unknown: The fellow who came for me--I've forgotten his name--said that you contracted it down in the East End among the sailors.
Holmes: I could only account for it so.
Unknown: You are proud of your brains, Holmes, are you not? Think yourself smart, don't you? You came across someone who was smarter this time. Now cast your mind back, Holmes. Can you think of no other way you could have got this thing?
Holmes: I can't think. My mind is gone. For heaven's sake help me!
Unknown: Yes, I will help you. I'll help you to understand just where you are and how you got there. I'd like you to know before you die.
Holmes: Give me something to ease my pain.
Unknown: Painful, is it? Yes, the coolies used to do some squealing towards the end. Takes you as cramp, I fancy.
Holmes: Yes, yes; it is cramp.
Unknown: Well, you can hear what I say, anyhow. Listen now! Can you remember any unusual incident in your life just about the time your symptoms began?
Holmes: No, no; nothing.
Unknown: Think again.
Holmes: I'm too ill to think.
Unknown: Well, then, I'll help you. Did anything come by post?
Holmes: By post?
Unknown: A box by chance?
Holmes: I'm fainting- I'm gone!
Unknown: Listen, Holmes! You must hear me. You shall hear me. Do you remember a box--an ivory box? It came on Wednesday. You opened it--do you remember?
Holmes: Yes, yes, I opened it. There was a sharp spring inside it. Some joke--
Unknown: It was no joke, as you will find to your cost. You fool, you would have it and you have got it. Who asked you to cross my path? If you had left me alone I would not have hurt you.
Holmes: I remember, The spring! It drew blood. This box--this on the table.
###
Holmes: I remember, The spring! It drew blood. This box--this on the table.
Watson: The very one, by George! And it may as well leave the room in my pocket. There goes your last shred of evidence. But you have the truth now, Holmes, and you can die with the knowledge that I killed you. You knew too much of the fate of Victor Savage, so I have sent you to share it. You are very near your end, Holmes. I will sit here and I will watch you die.
Holmes: What is that? Turn up the gas? Ah, the shadows begin to fall, do they? Yes, I will turn it up, that I may see you the better. Is there any other little service that I can do you, my friend?
Watson: A match and a cigarette.
Holmes: The best way of successfully acting a part is to be it. I give you my word that for three days I have tasted neither food nor drink until you were good enough to pour me out that glass of water. But it is the tobacco which I find most irksome. Ah, here are some cigarettes. That is very much better. Halloa! halloa! Do I hear the step of a friend?
Watson: All is in order and this is your man.
Morton: I arrest you on the charge of the murder of one Victor Savage.
###
Holmes: All is in order and this is your man.
Morton: I arrest you on the charge of the murder of one Victor Savage.
Holmes: And you might add of the attempted murder of one Sherlock Holmes. To save an invalid trouble, Inspector, Mr. Culverton Smith was good enough to give our signal by turning up the gas. By the way, the prisoner has a small box in the right-hand pocket of his coat which it would be as well to remove. Thank you. I would handle it gingerly if I were you. Put it down here. It may play its part in the trial.
Inspector: You'll only get yourself hurt. Stand still, will you?
Prisoner: A nice trap! It will bring you into the dock, Holmes, not me. He asked me to come here to cure him. I was sorry for him and I came. Now he will pretend, no doubt, that I have said anything which he may invent which will corroborate his insane suspicions. You can lie as you like, Holmes. My word is always as good as yours.
Holmes: Good heavens! I had totally forgotten him. My dear Watson, I owe you a thousand apologies. To think that I should have overlooked you! I need not introduce you to Mr. Culverton Smith, since I understand that you met somewhat earlier in the evening. Have you the cab below? I will follow you when I am dressed, for I may be of some use at the station.
###
Holmes: I never needed it more. However, as you know, my habits are irregular, and such a feat means less to me than to most men. It was very essential that I should impress Mrs. Hudson with the reality of my condition, since she was to convey it to you, and you in turn to him. You won't be offended, Watson? You will realize that among your many talents dissimulation finds no place, and that if you had shared my secret you would never have been able to impress Smith with the urgent necessity of his presence, which was the vital point of the whole scheme. Knowing his vindictive nature, I was perfectly certain that he would come to look upon his handiwork.
Watson: But your appearance, Holmes- your ghastly face?
Holmes: Three days of absolute fast does not improve one's beauty, Watson. For the rest, there is nothing which a sponge may not cure. With vaseline upon one's forehead, belladonna in one's eyes, rouge over the cheek-bones, and crusts of beeswax round one's lips, a very satisfying effect can be produced. Malingering is a subject upon which I have sometimes thought of writing a monograph. A little occasional talk about half-crowns, oysters, or any other extraneous subject produces a pleasing effect of delirium.
Watson: But why would you not let me near you, since there was in truth no infection?
###
Watson: But why would you not let me near you, since there was in truth no infection?
Holmes: Can you ask, my dear Watson? Do you imagine that I have no respect for your medical talents? Could I fancy that your astute judgment would pass a dying man who, however weak, had no rise of pulse or temperature? At four yards, I could deceive you. If I failed to do so, who would bring my Smith within my grasp? No, Watson, I would not touch that box. You can just see if you look at it sideways where the sharp spring like a viper's tooth emerges as you open it. I dare say it was by some such device that poor Savage, who stood between this monster and a reversion, was done to death. My correspondence, however, is, as you know, a varied one, and I am somewhat upon my guard against any packages which reach me. It was clear to me, however, that by pretending that he had really succeeded in his design I might surprise a confession. That pretence I have carried out with the thoroughness of the true artist. Thank you, Watson, you must help me on with my coat. When we have finished at the police-station I think that something nutritious at Simpson's would not be out of place.
Watson: But why Turkish?
Holmes: English. I got them at Latimer's, in Oxford Street.
Holmes: The bath! the bath! Why the relaxing and expensive Turkish rather than the invigorating home-made article?
Watson: Because for the last few days I have been feeling rheumatic and old. A Turkish bath is what we call an alterative in medicine--a fresh starting-point, a cleanser of the system.
###
Watson: Because for the last few days I have been feeling rheumatic and old. A Turkish bath is what we call an alterative in medicine--a fresh starting-point, a cleanser of the system.
Watson: By the way, Holmes, I have no doubt the connection between my boots and a Turkish bath is a perfectly self-evident one to a logical mind, and yet I should be obliged to you if you would indicate it.
Holmes: The train of reasoning is not very obscure, Watson. It belongs to the same elementary class of deduction which I should illustrate if I were to ask you who shared your cab in your drive this morning.
Watson: I don't admit that a fresh illustration is an explanation.
Holmes: Bravo, Watson! A very dignified and logical remonstrance. Let me see, what were the points? Take the last one first--the cab. You observe that you have some splashes on the left sleeve and shoulder of your coat. Had you sat in the centre of a hansom you would probably have had no splashes, and if you had they would certainly have been symmetrical. Therefore it is clear that you sat at the side. Therefore it is equally clear that you had a companion.
Watson: That is very evident.
Holmes: Absurdly commonplace, is it not?
Watson: But the boots and the bath?
Holmes: Equally childish. You are in the habit of doing up your boots in a certain way. I see them on this occasion fastened with an elaborate double bow, which is not your usual method of tying them. You have, therefore, had them off. Who has tied them? A bootmaker--or the boy at the bath. It is unlikely that it is the bootmaker, since your boots are nearly new. Well, what remains? The bath. Absurd, is it not? But, for all that, the Turkish bath has served a purpose.
Watson: What is that?
Holmes: You say that you have had it because you need a change. Let me suggest that you take one. How would Lausanne do, my dear Watson--first-class tickets and all expenses paid on a princely scale?
Watson: Splendid! But why?
###
Watson: What is that?
Holmes: One of the most dangerous classes in the world is the drifting and friendless woman. She is the most harmless and often the most useful of mortals, but she is the inevitable inciter of crime in others. She is helpless. She is migratory. She has sufficient means to take her from country to country and from hotel to hotel. She is lost, as often as not, in a maze of obscure pensions and boardinghouses. She is a stray chicken in a world of foxes. When she is gobbled up she is hardly missed. I much fear that some evil has come to the Lady Frances Carfax.
Watson: I was relieved at this sudden descent from the general to the particular. Holmes consulted his notes.
Holmes: Lady Frances is the sole survivor of the direct family of the late Earl of Rufton. The estates went, as you may remember, in the male line. She was left with limited means, but with some very remarkable old Spanish jewellery of silver and curiously cut diamonds to which she was fondly attached--too attached, for she refused to leave them with her banker and always carried them about with her. A rather pathetic figure, the Lady Frances, a beautiful woman, still in fresh middle age, and yet, by a strange change, the last derelict of what only twenty years ago was a goodly fleet.
Watson: What has happened to her, then?
###
Holmes: What has happened to her, then?
Watson: Ah, what has happened to the Lady Frances? Is she alive or dead? There is our problem. She is a lady of precise habits, and for four years it has been her invariable custom to write every second week to Miss Dobney, her old governess, who has long retired and lives in Camberwell. It is this Miss Dobney who has consulted me. Nearly five weeks have passed without a word. The last letter was from the Hotel National at Lausanne. Lady Frances seems to have left there and given no address. The family are anxious, and as they are exceedingly wealthy no sum will be spared if we can clear the matter up.
Holmes: Is Miss Dobney the only source of information? Surely she had other correspondents?
Watson: There is one correspondent who is a sure draw, Watson. That is the bank. Single ladies must live, and their passbooks are compressed diaries. She banks at Silvester's. I have glanced over her account. The last check but one paid her bill at Lausanne, but it was a large one and probably left her with cash in hand. Only one check has been drawn since.
Holmes: To whom, and where?
Watson: To Miss Marie Devine. There is nothing to show where the check was drawn. It was cashed at the Credit Lyonnais at Montpellier less than three weeks ago. The sum was fifty pounds.
Holmes: And who is Miss Marie Devine?
Watson: That also I have been able to discover. Miss Marie Devine was the maid of Lady Frances Carfax. Why she should have paid her this check we have not yet determined. I have no doubt, however, that your researches will soon clear the matter up.
Holmes: My researches!
###
Watson: My researches!
Holmes: Hence the health-giving expedition to Lausanne. You know that I cannot possibly leave London while old Abrahams is in such mortal terror of his life. Besides, on general principles it is best that I should not leave the country. Scotland Yard feels lonely without me, and it causes an unhealthy excitement among the criminal classes. Go, then, my dear Watson, and if my humble counsel can ever be valued at so extravagant a rate as two pence a word, it waits your disposal night and day at the end of the Continental wire.
Watson: Two days later found me at the Hotel National at Lausanne, where I received every courtesy at the hands of M. Moser, the well-known manager. Lady Frances, as he informed me, had stayed there for several weeks. She had been much liked by all who met her. Her age was not more than forty. She was still handsome and bore every sign of having in her youth been a very lovely woman. M. Moser knew nothing of any valuable jewellery, but it had been remarked by the servants that the heavy trunk in the lady's bedroom was always scrupulously locked. Marie Devine, the maid, was as popular as her mistress. She was actually engaged to one of the head waiters in the hotel, and there was no difficulty in getting her address. It was 11 Rue de Trajan, Montpellier. All this I jotted down and felt that Holmes himself could not have been more adroit in collecting his facts.
###
Watson: May I ask what your name is?
Unknown: No, you may not.
Watson: Where is the Lady Frances Carfax? What have you done with her? Why have you pursued her? I insist upon an answer!
Unknown: *gave a bellow of anger*
Watson: *being attacked* Well, Watson, a very pretty hash you have made of it! I rather think you had better come back with me to London by the night express.
Holmes: And a singularly consistent investigation you have made, my dear Watson. I cannot at the moment recall any possible blunder which you have omitted. The total effect of your proceeding has been to give the alarm everywhere and yet to discover nothing. Perhaps you would have done no better.
###
Watson: Perhaps you would have done no better, I answered bitterly.
Holmes: There is no 'perhaps' about it. I have done better. Here is the Hon. Philip Green, who is a fellow-lodger with you in this hotel, and we may find him the starting-point for a more successful investigation.
Holmes: This is my old friend and associate, Dr. Watson, who is helping us in this affair.
Philip Green: What is this, Mr. Holmes? I had your note and I have come. But what has this man to do with the matter?
Watson: I hope I didn't harm you. When you accused me of hurting her I lost my grip of myself. Indeed, I'm not responsible in these days. My nerves are like live wires. But this situation is beyond me. What I want to know, in the first place, Mr. Holmes, is, how in the world you came to hear of my existence at all.
Philip Green: I am in touch with Miss Dobney, Lady Frances's governess.
Philip Green: Old Susan Dobney with the mob cap! I remember her well.
Philip Green: And she remembers you. It was in the days before--before you found it better to go to South Africa.
###
Green: I am in touch with Miss Dobney, Lady Frances's governess.
Holmes: Old Susan Dobney with the mob cap! I remember her well.
Green: And she remembers you. It was in the days before--before you found it better to go to South Africa.
Holmes: Ah, I see you know my whole story. I need hide nothing from you. I swear to you, Mr. Holmes, that there never was in this world a man who loved a woman with a more wholehearted love than I had for Frances. I was a wild youngster, I know--not worse than others of my class. But her mind was pure as snow. She could not bear a shadow of coarseness. So, when she came to hear of things that I had done, she would have no more to say to me. And yet she loved me--that is the wonder of it!--loved me well enough to remain single all her sainted days just for my sake alone. When the years had passed and I had made my money at Barberton I thought perhaps I could seek her out and soften her. I had heard that she was still unmarried, I found her at Lausanne and tried all I knew. She weakened, I think, but her will was strong, and when next I called she had left the town. I traced her to Baden, and then after a time heard that her maid was here. I'm a rough fellow, fresh from a rough life, and when Dr. Watson spoke to me as he did I lost hold of myself for a moment. But for God's sake tell me what has become of the Lady Frances.
Holmes: That is for us to find out. What is your London address, Mr. Green?
Green: The Langham Hotel will find me.
Holmes: Then may I recommend that you return there and be on hand in case I should want you? I have no desire to encourage false hopes, but you may rest assured that all that can be done will be done for the safety of Lady Frances. I can say no more for the instant. I will leave you this card so that you may be able to keep in touch with us. Now, Watson, if you will pack your bag I will cable to Mrs. Hudson to make one of her best efforts for two hungry travellers at 7.30 tomorrow.
###
Holmes: Jagged or torn. What is this?
Watson: It is everything. You may remember my seemingly irrelevant question as to this clerical gentleman's left ear. You did not answer it.
Holmes: I had left Baden and could not inquire. Exactly. For this reason I sent a duplicate to the manager of the Englischer Hof, whose answer lies here.
Watson: What does it show?
Holmes: It shows, my dear Watson, that we are dealing with an exceptionally astute and dangerous man. The Rev. Dr. Shlessinger, missionary from South America, is none other than Holy Peters, one of the most unscrupulous rascals that Australia has ever evolved--and for a young country it has turned out some very finished types. His particular specialty is the beguiling of lonely ladies by playing upon their religious feelings, and his so-called wife, an Englishwoman named Fraser, is a worthy helpmate. The nature of his tactics suggested his identity to me, and this physical peculiarity--he was badly bitten in a saloon-fight at Adelaide in '89--confirmed my suspicion. This poor lady is in the hands of a most infernal couple, who will stick at nothing, Watson. That she is already dead is a very likely supposition. If not, she is undoubtedly in some sort of confinement and unable to write to Miss Dobney or her other friends. It is always possible that she never reached London, or that she has passed through it, but the former is improbable, as, with their system of registration, it is not easy for foreigners to play tricks with the Continental police; and the latter is also unlikely, as these rouges could not hope to find any other place where it would be as easy to keep a person under restraint.
###
Watson: All my instincts tell me that she is in London, but as we have at present no possible means of telling where, we can only take the obvious steps, eat our dinner, and possess our souls in patience. Later in the evening I will stroll down and have a word with friend Lestrade at Scotland Yard.
Narrator: But neither the official police nor Holmes's own small but very efficient organization sufficed to clear away the mystery. Amid the crowded millions of London the three persons we sought were as completely obliterated as if they had never lived. Advertisements were tried, and failed. Clues were followed, and led to nothing. Every criminal resort which Shlessinger might frequent was drawn in vain. His old associates were watched, but they kept clear of him. And then suddenly, after a week of helpless suspense there came a flash of light. A silver-and-brilliant pendant of old Spanish design had been pawned at Bovington's, in Westminster Road. The pawner was a large, clean-shaven man of clerical appearance. His name and address were demonstrably false. The ear had escaped notice, but the description was surely that of Shlessinger.
Watson: Three times had our bearded friend from the Langham called for news--the third time within an hour of this fresh development. His clothes were getting looser on his great body. He seemed to be wilting away in his anxiety. "If you will only give me something to do!" was his constant wail. At last Holmes could oblige him.
Bearded Friend: He has begun to pawn the jewels. We should get him now.
Bearded Friend: But does this mean that any harm has befallen the Lady Frances?
Holmes: Supposing that they have held her prisoner up to now, it is clear that they cannot let her loose without their own destruction. We must prepare for the worst.
Bearded Friend: What can I do?
Holmes: These people do not know you by sight?
###
Holmes: Supposing that they have held her prisoner up to now, it is clear that they cannot let her loose without their own destruction. We must prepare for the worst.
Watson: What can I do?
Holmes: These people do not know you by sight?
Watson: No.
Holmes: It is possible that he will go to some other pawnbroker in the future. in that case, we must begin again. On the other hand, he has had a fair price and no questions asked, so if he is in need of ready-money he will probably come back to Bovington's. I will give you a note to them, and they will let you wait in the shop. If the fellow comes you will follow him home. But no indiscretion, and, above all, no violence. I put you on your honour that you will take no step without my knowledge and consent.
Green: We have him! We have him!
Green: She came only an hour ago. It was the wife, this time, but the pendant she brought was the fellow of the other. She is a tall, pale woman, with ferret eyes.
Holmes: That is the lady.
Green: She left the office and I followed her. She walked up the Kennington Road, and I kept behind her. Presently she went into a shop. Mr. Holmes, it was an undertaker's.
Holmes: Well?
###
Watson: Well?
Holmes: She was talking to the woman behind the counter. I entered as well. 'It is late,' I heard her say, or words to that effect. The woman was excusing herself. 'It should be there before now,' she answered. 'It took longer, being out of the ordinary.' They both stopped and looked at me, so I asked some questions and then left the shop.
Watson: You did excellently well. What happened next?
Holmes: The woman came out, but I had hid myself in a doorway. Her suspicions had been aroused, I think, for she looked round her. Then she called a cab and got in. I was lucky enough to get another and so to follow her. She got down at last at No. 36, Poultney Square, Brixton. I drove past, left my cab at the corner of the square, and watched the house.
Watson: Did you see anyone?
Holmes: The windows were all in darkness save one on the lower floor. The blind was down, and I could not see in. I was standing there, wondering what I should do next, when a covered van drove up with two men in it. They descended, took something out of the van, and carried it up the steps to the hall door. Mr. Holmes, it was a coffin.
Holmes: Ah!
Watson: For an instant I was on the point of rushing in. The door had been opened to admit the men and their burden. It was the woman who had opened it. But as I stood there she caught a glimpse of me, and I think that she recognized me. I saw her start, and she hastily closed the door. I remembered my promise to you, and here I am.
Holmes: You have done excellent work. We can do nothing legal without a warrant, and you can serve the cause best by taking this note down to the authorities and getting one. There may be some difficulty, but I should think that the sale of the jewellery should be sufficient. Lestrade will see to all details.
Watson: But they may murder her in the meanwhile. What could the coffin mean, and for whom could it be but for her?
###
Watson: But they may murder her in the meanwhile. What could the coffin mean, and for whom could it be but for her?
Holmes: We will do all that can be done, Mr. Green. Not a moment will be lost. Leave it in our hands. Now Watson, he will set the regular forces on the move. We are, as usual, the irregulars, and we must take our own line of action. The situation strikes me as so desperate that the most extreme measures are justified. Not a moment is to be lost in getting to Poultney Square.
Holmes: Let us try to reconstruct the situation. These villains have coaxed this unhappy lady to London, after first alienating her from her faithful maid. If she has written any letters they have been intercepted. Through some confederate they have engaged a furnished house. Once inside it, they have made her a prisoner, and they have become possessed of the valuable jewellery which has been their object from the first. Already they have begun to sell part of it, which seems safe enough to them, since they have no reason to think that anyone is interested in the lady's fate. When she is released she will, of course, denounce them. Therefore, she must not be released. But they cannot keep her under lock and key forever. So murder is their only solution.
Watson: That seems very clear.
###
Holmes: That seems very clear.
Holmes: Now we will take another line of reasoning. When you follow two separate chains of thought, Watson, you will find some point of intersection which should approximate to the truth. We will start now, not from the lady but from the coffin and argue backward. That incident proves, I fear, beyond all doubt that the lady is dead. It points also to an orthodox burial with proper accompaniment of medical certificate and official sanction. Had the lady been obviously murdered, they would have buried her in a hole in the back garden. But here all is open and regular. What does this mean? Surely that they have done her to death in some way which has deceived the doctor and simulated a natural end--poisoning, perhaps. And yet how strange that they should ever let a doctor approach her unless he were a confederate, which is hardly a credible proposition.
Watson: Could they have forged a medical certificate?
Holmes: Dangerous, Watson, very dangerous. No, I hardly see them doing that. Pull up, cabby! This is evidently the undertaker's, for we have just passed the pawnbroker's. Would go in, Watson? Your appearance inspires confidence. Ask what hour the Poultney Square funeral takes place tomorrow.
Watson: You see, Watson, no mystery; everything above-board! In some way the legal forms have undoubtedly been complied with, and they think that they have little to fear. Well, there's nothing for it now but a direct frontal attack. Are you armed?
Watson: My stick!
Holmes: Well, well, we shall be strong enough. 'Thrice is he armed who hath his quarrel just.' We simply can't afford to wait for the police or to keep within the four corners of the law. You can drive off, cabby. Now, Watson, we'll just take our luck together, as we have occasionally in the past.
###
Holmes: I want to speak to Dr. Shlessinger.
Woman: There is no such person here.
Holmes: Well, I want to see the man who lives here, whatever he may call himself.
Woman: Well, come in! My husband is not afraid to face any man in the world. Mr. Peters will be with you in an instant.
Peters: There is surely some mistake here, gentlemen. I fancy that you have been misdirected. Possibly if you tried farther down the street--
Holmes: That will do; we have no time to waste. You are Henry Peters, of Adelaide, late the Rev. Dr. Shlessinger, of Baden and South America. I am as sure of that as that my own name is Sherlock Holmes.
Peters: I guess your name does not frighten me, Mr. Holmes. When a man's conscience is easy you can't rattle him. What is your business in my house?
Holmes: I want to know what you have done with the Lady Frances Carfax, whom you brought away with you from Baden.
###
Holmes: I want to know what you have done with the Lady Frances Carfax, whom you brought away with you from Baden.
Peters: I'd be very glad if you could tell me where that lady may be, Peters answered coolly. "I've a bill against her for a nearly a hundred pounds, and nothing to show for it but a couple of trumpery pendants that the dealer would hardly look at. She attached herself to Mrs. Peters and me at Baden--it is a fact that I was using another name at the time--and she stuck on to us until we came to London. I paid her bill and her ticket. Once in London, she gave us the slip, and, as I say, left these out-of-date jewels to pay her bills. You find her, Mr. Holmes, and I'm your debtor."
Holmes: In mean to find her," said Sherlock Holmes. "I'm going through this house till I do find her."
Peters: Where is your warrant?
Holmes: Holmes half drew a revolver from his pocket. "This will have to serve till a better one comes."
Peters: Why, you're a common burglar.
Holmes: So you might describe me, said Holmes cheerfully. "My companion is also a dangerous ruffian. And together we are going through your house."
Opponent: Fetch a policeman, Annie! said he. There was a whisk of feminine skirts down the passage, and the hall door was opened and shut.
Holmes: Our time is limited, Watson, said Holmes. "If you try to stop us, Peters, you will most certainly get hurt. Where is that coffin which was brought into your house?"
Peters: What do you want with the coffin? It is in use. There is a body in it.
Holmes: I must see the body.
Peters: Never with my consent.
###
Holmes: What do you want with the coffin? It is in use. There is a body in it.
Watson: I must see the body.
Holmes: Never with my consent.
Watson: Then without it.
Holmes: Thank God! It's someone else.
Peters: Ah, you've blundered badly for once, Mr. Sherlock Holmes.
Holmes: Who is the dead woman?
Peters: Well, if you really must know, she is an old nurse of my wife's, Rose Spender by name, whom we found in the Brixton Workhouse Infirmary. We brought her round here, called in Dr. Horsom, of 13 Firbank Villas--mind you take the address, Mr. Holmes--and had her carefully tended, as Christian folk should. On the third day she died--certificate says senile decay--but that's only the doctor's opinion, and of course you know better. We ordered her funeral to be carried out by Stimson and Co., of the Kennington Road, who will bury her at eight o'clock to-morrow morning. Can you pick any hole in that, Mr. Holmes? You've made a silly blunder, and you may as well own up to it. I'd give something for a photograph of your gaping, staring face when you pulled aside that lid expecting to see the Lady Frances Carfax and only found a poor old woman of ninety.
Holmes: I am going through your house.
###
Holmes: I am going through your house.
Peters: Are you, though! We'll soon see about that. This way, officers, if you please. These men have forced their way into my house, and I cannot get rid of them. Help me to put them out.
Sergeant: This is my name and address. This is my friend, Dr. Watson.
Sergeant: Bless you, sir, we know you very well, but you can't stay here without a warrant.
Peters: Arrest him!
Sergeant: We know where to lay our hands on this gentleman if he is wanted, but you'll have to go, Mr. Holmes.
Holmes: Yes, Watson, we shall have to go.
Sergeant: Sorry, Mr. Holmes, but that's the law.
Holmes: Exactly, Sergeant, you could not do otherwise.
Sergeant: I expect there was good reason for your presence there. If there is anything I can do--
Holmes: It's a missing lady, Sergeant, and we think she is in that house. I expect a warrant presently.
Sergeant: Then I'll keep my eye on the parties, Mr. Holmes. If anything comes along, I will surely let you know.
###
Holmes: Take it back! Take it back this instant!
Peters: What the devil do you mean? Once again I ask you, where is your warrant?
Holmes: The warrant is on its way. The coffin shall remain in the house until it comes.
Holmes: Quick, Watson, quick! Here is a screw-driver! Here's one for you, my man! A sovreign if the lid comes off in a minute! Ask no questions--work away! That's good! Another! And another! Now pull all together! It's giving! It's giving! Ah, that does it at last.
Holmes: Is she gone, Watson? Is there a spark left? Surely we are not too late!
###
Watson: Is she gone, Watson? Is there a spark left? Surely we are not too late!
Holmes: Here is Lestrade with his warrant. He will find that his birds have flown. And here is someone who has a better right to nurse this lady than we have. Good morning, Mr. Green; I think that the sooner we can move the Lady Frances the better. Meanwhile, the funeral may proceed, and the poor old woman who still lies in that coffin may go to her last resting-place alone.
###
Holmes: Should you care to add the case to your annals, my dear Watson, it can only be as an example of that temporary eclipse to which even the best-balanced mind may be exposed. Such slips are common to all mortals, and the greatest is he who can recognize and repair them. To this modified credit I may, perhaps, make some claim. My night was haunted by the thought that somewhere a clue, a strange sentence, a curious observation, had come under my notice and had been too easily dismissed. Then, suddenly, in the gray of the morning, the words came back to me. It was the remark of the undertaker's wife, as reported by Philip Green. She had said, 'It should be there before now. It took longer, being out of the ordinary.' It was the coffin of which she spoke. It had been out of the ordinary. That could only mean that it had been made to some special measurement. But why? Why? Then in an instant I remembered the deep sides, and the little wasted figure at the bottom. Why so large a coffin for so small a body? To leave room for another body. Both would be buried under the one certificate. It had all been so clear, if only my own sight had not been dimmed. At eight the Lady Frances would be buried. Our one chance was to stop the coffin before it left the house.
###
Holmes: Shall I speak or you?
Tregennis: Well, as you seem to have made the discovery, whatever it may be, and the vicar to have had it second-hand, perhaps you had better do the speaking.
###
Narrator: There was no sign of the presence of anyone in the house, except Mrs. Porter, the old cook and housekeeper, who declared that she had slept deeply and heard no sound during the night. Nothing had been stolen or disarranged, and there is absolutely no explanation of what the horror can be which has frightened a woman to death and two strong men out of their senses. There is the situation, Mr. Holmes, in a nutshell, and if you can help us to clear it up you will have done a great work.
Watson: I had hoped that in some way I could coax my companion back into the quiet which had been the object of our journey; but one glance at his intense face and contracted eyebrows told me how vain was now the expectation. He sat for some little time in silence, absorbed in the strange drama which had broken in upon our peace.
Holmes: I will look into this matter. On the face of it, it would appear to be a case of a very exceptional nature. Have you been there yourself, Mr. Roundhay?
Roundhay: No, Mr. Holmes. Mr. Tregennis brought back the account to the vicarage, and I at once hurried over with him to consult you.
Holmes: How far is it to the house where this singular tragedy occurred?
Roundhay: About a mile inland.
Holmes: Then we shall walk over together. But before we start I must ask you a few questions, Mr. Mortimer Tregennis.
Narrator: The other had been silent all this time, but I had observed that his more controlled excitement was even greater than the obtrusive emotion of the clergyman. He sat with a pale, drawn face, his anxious gaze fixed upon Holmes, and his thin hands clasped convulsively together. His pale lips quivered as he listened to the dreadful experience which had befallen his family, and his dark eyes seemed to reflect something of the horror of the scene.
Tregennis: Ask what you like, Mr. Holmes. It is a bad thing to speak of, but I will answer you the truth.
Holmes: Tell me about last night.
###
Tregennis: Ask what you like, Mr. Holmes, It is a bad thing to speak of, but I will answer you the truth.
Holmes: Tell me about last night.
Tregennis: Well, Mr. Holmes, I supped there, as the vicar has said, and my elder brother George proposed a game of whist afterwards. We sat down about nine o'clock. It was a quarter-past ten when I moved to go. I left them all round the table, as merry as could be.
Holmes: Who let you out?
Tregennis: Mrs. Porter had gone to bed, so I let myself out. I shut the hall door behind me. The window of the room in which they sat was closed, but the blind was not drawn down. There was no change in door or window this morning, or any reason to think that any stranger had been to the house. Yet there they sat, driven clean mad with terror, and Brenda lying dead of fright, with her head hanging over the arm of the chair. I'll never get the sight of that room out of my mind so long as I live.
Holmes: The facts, as you state them, are certainly most remarkable. I take it that you have no theory yourself which can in any way account for them?
Tregennis: It's devilish, Mr. Holmes, devilish! It is not of this world. Something has come into that room which has dashed the light of reason from their minds. What human contrivance could do that?
Holmes: I fear that if the matter is beyond humanity it is certainly beyond me. Yet we must exhaust all natural explanations before we fall back upon such a theory as this. As to yourself, Mr. Tregennis, I take it you were divided in some way from your family, since they lived together and you had rooms apart?
Tregennis: That is so, Mr. Holmes, though the matter is past and done with. We were a family of tin-miners at Redruth, but we sold our venture to a company, and so retired with enough to keep us. I won't deny that there was some feeling about the division of the money and it stood between us for a time, but it was all forgiven and forgotten, and we were the best of friends together.
###
Holmes: Looking back at the evening which you spent together, does anything stand out in your memory as throwing any possible light upon the tragedy? Think carefully, Mr. Tregennis, for any clue which can help me.
Tregennis: There is nothing at all, sir.
Holmes: Your people were in their usual spirits?
Tregennis: Never better.
Holmes: Were they nervous people? Did they ever show any apprehension of coming danger?
Tregennis: Nothing of the kind.
Holmes: You have nothing to add then, which could assist me?
Tregennis: There is one thing occurs to me. As we sat at the table my back was to the window, and my brother George, he being my partner at cards, was facing it. I saw him once look hard over my shoulder, so I turned round and looked also. The blind was up and the window shut, but I could just make out the bushes on the lawn, and it seemed to me for a moment that I saw something moving among them. I couldn't even say if it was man or animal, but I just thought there was something there. When I asked him what he was looking at, he told me that he had the same feeling. That is all that I can say.
Holmes: Did you not investigate?
Tregennis: No; the matter passed as unimportant.
Holmes: You left them, then, without any premonition of evil?
Tregennis: None at all.
Holmes: I am not clear how you came to hear the news so early this morning.
###
Watson: Did you not investigate?
Holmes: No; the matter passed as unimportant.
Watson: You left them, then, without any premonition of evil?
Holmes: None at all.
Watson: I am not clear how you came to hear the news so early this morning.
Holmes: I am an early riser and generally take a walk before breakfast. This morning I had hardly started when the doctor in his carriage overtook me. He told me that old Mrs. Porter had sent a boy down with an urgent message. I sprang in beside him and we drove on. When we got there we looked into that dreadful room. The candles and the fire must have burned out hours before, and they had been sitting there in the dark until dawn had broken. The doctor said Brenda must have been dead at least six hours. There were no signs of violence. She just lay across the arm of the chair with that look on her face. George and Owen were singing snatches of songs and gibbering like two great apes. Oh, it was awful to see! I couldn't stand it, and the doctor was as white as a sheet. Indeed, he fell into a chair in a sort of faint, and we nearly had him on our hands as well.
Holmes: Remarkable--most remarkable! I think, perhaps, we had better go down to Tredannick Wartha without further delay. I confess that I have seldom known a case which at first sight presented a more singular problem.
Watson: Our proceedings of that first morning did little to advance the investigation. It was marked, however, at the outset by an incident which left the most sinister impression upon my mind. The approach to the spot at which the tragedy occurred is down a narrow, winding, country lane. While we made our way along it we heard the rattle of a carriage coming towards us and stood aside to let it pass. As it drove by us I caught a glimpse through the closed window of a horribly contorted, grinning face glaring out at us. Those staring eyes and gnashing teeth flashed past us like a dreadful vision.
Tregennis: My brothers! They are taking them to Helston.
###
Holmes: Why a fire? Had they always a fire in this small room on a spring evening?
Tregennis: The night was cold and damp. For that reason, after his arrival, the fire was lit. What are you going to do now, Mr. Holmes?
Holmes: I think, Watson, that I shall resume that course of tobacco-poisoning which you have so often and so justly condemned. With your permission, gentlemen, we will now return to our cottage, for I am not aware that any new factor is likely to come to our notice here. I will turn the facts over in my mind, Mr. Tregennis, and should anything occur to me I will certainly communicate with you and the vicar. In the meantime I wish you both good-morning.
###
Holmes: It won't do, Watson! Let us walk along the cliffs together and search for flint arrows. We are more likely to find them than clues to this problem. To let the brain work without sufficient material is like racing an engine. It racks itself to pieces. The sea air, sunshine, and patience, Watson--all else will come.
Holmes: Now, let us calmly define our position, Watson. Let us get a firm grip of the very little which we do know, so that when fresh facts arise we may be ready to fit them into their places. I take it, in the first place, that neither of us is prepared to admit diabolical intrusions into the affairs of men. Let us begin by ruling that entirely out of our minds. Very good. There remain three persons who have been grievously stricken by some conscious or unconscious human agency. That is firm ground. Now, when did this occur? Evidently, assuming his narrative to be true, it was immediately after Mr. Mortimer Tregennis had left the room. That is a very important point. The presumption is that it was within a few minutes afterwards. The cards still lay upon the table. It was already past their usual hour for bed. Yet they had not changed their position or pushed back their chairs. I repeat, then, that the occurrence was immediately after his departure, and not later than eleven o'clock last night.
###
Holmes: Our next obvious step is to check, so far as we can, the movements of Mortimer Tregennis after he left the room. In this there is no difficulty, and they seem to be above suspicion. Knowing my methods as you do, you were, of course, conscious of the somewhat clumsy water-pot expedient by which I obtained a clearer impress of his foot than might otherwise have been possible. The wet, sandy path took it admirably. Last night was also wet, you will remember, and it was not difficult--having obtained a sample print--to pick out his track among others and to follow his movements. He appears to have walked away swiftly in the direction of the vicarage. If, then, Mortimer Tregennis disappeared from the scene, and yet some outside person affected the card-players, how can we reconstruct that person, and how was such an impression of horror conveyed? Mrs. Porter may be eliminated. She is evidently harmless. Is there any evidence that someone crept up to the garden window and in some manner produced so terrific an effect that he drove those who saw it out of their senses? The only suggestion in this direction comes from Mortimer Tregennis himself, who says that his brother spoke about some movement in the garden. That is certainly remarkable, as the night was rainy, cloudy, and dark. Anyone who had the design to alarm these people would be compelled to place his very face against the glass before he could be seen. There is a three-foot flower-border outside this window, but no indication of a footmark. It is difficult to imagine, then, how an outsider could have made so terrible an impression upon the company, nor have we found any possible motive for so strange and elaborate an attempt. You perceive our difficulties, Watson?
Watson: They are only too clear.
###
Watson: They are only too clear.
Holmes: And yet, with a little more material, we may prove that they are not insurmountable. I fancy that among your extensive archives, Watson, you may find some which were nearly as obscure. Meanwhile, we shall put the case aside until more accurate data are available, and devote the rest of our morning to the pursuit of neolithic man.
Watson: I may have commented upon my friend's power of mental detachment, but never have I wondered at it more than upon that spring morning in Cornwall when for two hours he discoursed upon celts, arrowheads, and shards, as lightly as if no sinister mystery were waiting for his solution. It was not until we had returned in the afternoon to our cottage that we found a visitor awaiting us, who soon brought our minds back to the matter in hand. Neither of us needed to be told who that visitor was. The huge body, the craggy and deeply seamed face with the fierce eyes and hawk-like nose, the grizzled hair which nearly brushed our cottage ceiling, the beard--golden at the fringes and white near the lips, save for the nicotine stain from his perpetual cigar--all these were as well known in London as in Africa, and could only be associated with the tremendous personality of Dr. Leon Sterndale, the great lion-hunter and explorer.
###
Narrator: We had heard of his presence in the district and had once or twice caught sight of his tall figure upon the moorland paths. He made no advances to us, however, nor would we have dreamed of doing so to him, as it was well known that it was his love of seclusion which caused him to spend the greater part of the intervals between his journeys in a small bungalow buried in the lonely wood of Beauchamp Arriance. Here, amid his books and his maps, he lived an absolutely lonely life, attending to his own simple wants and paying little apparent heed to the affairs of his neighbours. It was a surprise to me, therefore, to hear him asking Holmes in an eager voice whether he had made any advance in his reconstruction of this mysterious episode. The county police are utterly at fault, said he, but perhaps your wider experience has suggested some conceivable explanation. My only claim to being taken into your confidence is that during my many residences here I have come to know this family of Tregennis very well--indeed, upon my Cornish mother's side I could call them cousins--and their strange fate has naturally been a great shock to me. I may tell you that I had got as far as Plymouth upon my way to Africa, but the news reached me this morning, and I came straight back again to help in the inquiry.
Holmes: Did you lose your boat through it?
Dr. Sterndale: I will take the next.
Holmes: Dear me! that is friendship indeed.
Dr. Sterndale: I tell you they were relatives.
Holmes: Quite so--cousins of your mother. Was your baggage aboard the ship?
Dr. Sterndale: Some of it, but the main part at the hotel.
Holmes: I see. But surely this event could not have found its way into the Plymouth morning papers.
Dr. Sterndale: No, sir; I had a telegram.
Holmes: Might I ask from whom?
Dr. Sterndale: You are very inquisitive, Mr. Holmes.
Holmes: It is my business.
Dr. Sterndale: With an effort Dr. Sterndale recovered his ruffled composure.
###
Holmes: No, sir; I had a telegram.
Sterndale: Might I ask from whom?
Holmes: You are very inquisitive, Dr. Sterndale.
Holmes: It is my business.
Sterndale: I have no objection to telling you. It was Mr. Roundhay, the vicar, who sent me the telegram which recalled me.
Holmes: Thank you. I may say in answer to your original question that I have not cleared my mind entirely on the subject of this case, but that I have every hope of reaching some conclusion. It would be premature to say more.
Sterndale: Perhaps you would not mind telling me if your suspicions point in any particular direction?
Holmes: No, I can hardly answer that.
Sterndale: Then I have wasted my time and need not prolong my visit.
Holmes: From the Plymouth hotel, Watson. I learned the name of it from the vicar, and I wired to make certain that Dr. Leon Sterndale's account was true. It appears that he did indeed spend last night there, and that he has actually allowed some of his baggage to go on to Africa, while he returned to be present at this investigation. What do you make of that, Watson?
Watson: He is deeply interested.
Holmes: Deeply interested--yes. There is a thread here which we had not yet grasped and which might lead us through the tangle. Cheer up, Watson, for I am very sure that our material has not yet all come to hand. When it does we may soon leave our difficulties behind us.
###
Watson: We are devil-ridden, Mr. Holmes! My poor parish is devil-ridden! Satan himself is loose in it! We are given over into his hands!
Watson: Mr. Mortimer Tregennis died during the night, and with exactly the same symptoms as the rest of his family.
Holmes: Can you fit us both into your dog-cart?
Vicar: Yes, I can.
Holmes: Then, Watson, we will postpone our breakfast. Mr. Roundhay, we are entirely at your disposal. Hurry--hurry, before things get disarranged.
###
Narrator: One realized the red-hot energy which underlay Holmes's phlegmatic exterior when one saw the sudden change which came over him from the moment that he entered the fatal apartment. In an instant he was tense and alert, his eyes shining, his face set, his limbs quivering with eager activity. He was out on the lawn, in through the window, round the room, and up into the bedroom, for all the world like a dashing foxhound drawing a cover. In the bedroom he made a rapid cast around and ended by throwing open the window, which appeared to give him some fresh cause for excitement, for he leaned out of it with loud ejaculations of interest and delight. Then he rushed down the stair, out through the open window, threw himself upon his face on the lawn, sprang up and into the room once more, all with the energy of the hunter who is at the very heels of his quarry. The lamp, which was an ordinary standard, he examined with minute care, making certain measurements upon its bowl. He carefully scrutinized with his lens the talc shield which covered the top of the chimney and scraped off some ashes which adhered to its upper surface, putting some of them into an envelope, which he placed in his pocketbook. Finally, just as the doctor and the official police put in an appearance, he beckoned to the vicar and we all three went out upon the lawn.
Holmes: I am glad to say that my investigation has not been entirely barren. I cannot remain to discuss the matter with the police, but I should be exceedingly obliged, Mr. Roundhay, if you would give the inspector my compliments and direct his attention to the bedroom window and to the sitting-room lamp. Each is suggestive, and together they are almost conclusive. If the police would desire further information I shall be happy to see any of them at the cottage. And now, Watson, I think that, perhaps, we shall be better employed elsewhere.
###
Holmes: You will remember, Watson, that there is a single common point of resemblance in the varying reports which have reached us. This concerns the effect of the atmosphere of the room in each case upon those who had first entered it. You will recollect that Mortimer Tregennis, in describing the episode of his last visit to his brother's house, remarked that the doctor on entering the room fell into a chair? You had forgotten? Well I can answer for it that it was so. Now, you will remember also that Mrs. Porter, the housekeeper, told us that she herself fainted upon entering the room and had afterwards opened the window. In the second case--that of Mortimer Tregennis himself--you cannot have forgotten the horrible stuffiness of the room when we arrived, though the servant had thrown open the window. That servant, I found upon inquiry, was so ill that she had gone to her bed. You will admit, Watson, that these facts are very suggestive. In each case there is evidence of a poisonous atmosphere. In each case, also, there is combustion going on in the room--in the one case a fire, in the other a lamp. The fire was needed, but the lamp was lit--as a comparison of the oil consumed will show--long after it was broad daylight. Why? Surely because there is some connection between three things--the burning, the stuffy atmosphere, and, finally, the madness or death of those unfortunate people. That is clear, is it not?
Watson: It would appear so.
###
Holmes: It would appear so.
Watson: At least we may accept it as a working hypothesis. We will suppose, then, that something was burned in each case which produced an atmosphere causing strange toxic effects. Very good. In the first instance--that of the Tregennis family--this substance was placed in the fire. Now the window was shut, but the fire would naturally carry fumes to some extent up the chimney. Hence one would expect the effects of the poison to be less than in the second case, where there was less escape for the vapour. The result seems to indicate that it was so, since in the first case only the woman, who had presumably the more sensitive organism, was killed, the others exhibiting that temporary or permanent lunacy which is evidently the first effect of the drug. In the second case the result was complete. The facts, therefore, seem to bear out the theory of a poison which worked by combustion. With this train of reasoning in my head I naturally looked about in Mortimer Tregennis's room to find some remains of this substance. The obvious place to look was the talc shelf or smoke-guard of the lamp. There, sure enough, I perceived a number of flaky ashes, and round the edges a fringe of brownish powder, which had not yet been consumed. Half of this I took, as you saw, and I placed it in an envelope.
Watson: Why half, Holmes?
###
Watson: Why half, Holmes?
Holmes: It is not for me, my dear Watson, to stand in the way of the official police force. I leave them all the evidence which I found. The poison still remained upon the talc had they the wit to find it. Now, Watson, we will light our lamp; we will, however, take the precaution to open our window to avoid the premature decease of two deserving members of society, and you will seat yourself near that open window in an armchair unless, like a sensible man, you determine to have nothing to do with the affair. Oh, you will see it out, will you? I thought I knew my Watson. This chair I will place opposite yours, so that we may be the same distance from the poison and face to face. The door we will leave ajar. Each is now in a position to watch the other and to bring the experiment to an end should the symptoms seem alarming. Is that all clear? Well, then, I take our powder--or what remains of it--from the envelope, and I lay it above the burning lamp. So! Now, Watson, let us sit down and await developments.
###
Holmes: Upon my word, Watson! I owe you both my thanks and an apology. It was an unjustifiable experiment even for one's self, and doubly so for a friend. I am really very sorry.
Watson: You know that it is my greatest joy and privilege to help you.
Holmes: It would be superfluous to drive us mad, my dear Watson. A candid observer would certainly declare that we were so already before we embarked upon so wild an experiment. I confess that I never imagined that the effect could be so sudden and so severe. We must give the room a little time to clear. I take it, Watson, that you have no longer a shadow of a doubt as to how these tragedies were produced?
Watson: None whatever.
###
Holmes: None whatever. But the cause remains as obscure as before. Come into the arbour here and let us discuss it together. That villainous stuff seems still to linger round my throat. I think we must admit that all the evidence points to this man, Mortimer Tregennis, having been the criminal in the first tragedy, though he was the victim in the second one. We must remember, in the first place, that there is some story of a family quarrel, followed by a reconciliation. How bitter that quarrel may have been, or how hollow the reconciliation we cannot tell. When I think of Mortimer Tregennis, with the foxy face and the small shrewd, beady eyes behind the spectacles, he is not a man whom I should judge to be of a particularly forgiving disposition. Well, in the next place, you will remember that this idea of someone moving in the garden, which took our attention for a moment from the real cause of the tragedy, emanated from him. He had a motive in misleading us. Finally, if he did not throw the substance into the fire at the moment of leaving the room, who did do so? The affair happened immediately after his departure. Had anyone else come in, the family would certainly have risen from the table. Besides, in peaceful Cornwall, visitors did not arrive after ten o'clock at night. We may take it, then, that all the evidence points to Mortimer Tregennis as the culprit.
Watson: Then his own death was suicide!
###
Watson: Then his own death was suicide!
Holmes: Well, Watson, it is on the face of it a not impossible supposition. The man who had the guilt upon his soul of having brought such a fate upon his own family might well be driven by remorse to inflict it upon himself. There are, however, some cogent reasons against it. Fortunately, there is one man in England who knows all about it, and I have made arrangements by which we shall hear the facts this afternoon from his own lips. Ah! he is a little before his time. Perhaps you would kindly step this way, Dr. Leon Sterndale. We have been conducing a chemical experiment indoors which has left our little room hardly fit for the reception of so distinguished a visitor.
Holmes: You sent for me, Mr. Holmes. I had your note about an hour ago, and I have come, though I really do not know why I should obey your summons.
Holmes: Perhaps we can clear the point up before we separate. Meanwhile, I am much obliged to you for your courteous acquiescence. You will excuse this informal reception in the open air, but my friend Watson and I have nearly furnished an additional chapter to what the papers call the Cornish Horror, and we prefer a clear atmosphere for the present. Perhaps, since the matters which we have to discuss will affect you personally in a very intimate fashion, it is as well that we should talk where there can be no eavesdropping.
Dr. Leon Sterndale: I am at a loss to know, sir, what you can have to speak about which affects me personally in a very intimate fashion.
Holmes: The killing of Mortimer Tregennis.
###
Holmes: The killing of Mortimer Tregennis.
Sterndale: I am at a loss to know, sir, what you can have to speak about which affects me personally in a very intimate fashion.
Holmes: I have lived so long among savages and beyond the law that I have got into the way of being a law to myself. You would do well, Mr. Holmes, not to forget it, for I have no desire to do you an injury.
Holmes: Nor have I any desire to do you an injury, Dr. Sterndale. Surely the clearest proof of it is that, knowing what I know, I have sent for you and not for the police.
Sterndale: What do you mean? If this is bluff upon your part, Mr. Holmes, you have chosen a bad man for your experiment. Let us have no more beating about the bush. What do you mean?
Holmes: I will tell you, and the reason why I tell you is that I hope frankness may beget frankness. What my next step may be will depend entirely upon the nature of your own defence.
Sterndale: My defence? Yes, sir. My defence against what? Against the charge of killing Mortimer Tregennis.
Sterndale: Upon my word, you are getting on. Do all your successes depend upon this prodigious power of bluff?
###
Holmes: My defence against what?
Sterndale: Against the charge of killing Mortimer Tregennis.
Holmes: Upon my word, you are getting on. Do all your successes depend upon this prodigious power of bluff?
Holmes: The bluff is upon your side, Dr. Leon Sterndale, and not upon mine. As a proof I will tell you some of the facts upon which my conclusions are based. Of your return from Plymouth, allowing much of your property to go on to Africa, I will say nothing save that it first informed me that you were one of the factors which had to be taken into account in reconstructing this drama--
Sterndale: I came back-
Holmes: I have heard your reasons and regard them as unconvincing and inadequate. We will pass that. You came down here to ask me whom I suspected. I refused to answer you. You then went to the vicarage, waited outside it for some time, and finally returned to your cottage.
Sterndale: How do you know that?
Holmes: I followed you.
Sterndale: I saw no one.
Holmes: That is what you may expect to see when I follow you. You spent a restless night at your cottage, and you formed certain plans, which in the early morning you proceeded to put into execution. Leaving your door just as day was breaking, you filled your pocket with some reddish gravel that was lying heaped beside your gate.
Holmes: You then walked swiftly for the mile which separated you from the vicarage. You were wearing, I may remark, the same pair of ribbed tennis shoes which are at the present moment upon your feet. At the vicarage you passed through the orchard and the side hedge, coming out under the window of the lodger Tregennis. It was now daylight, but the household was not yet stirring. You drew some of the gravel from your pocket, and you threw it up at the window above you.
Sterndale: I believe that you are the devil himself!
###
Sterndale: I believe that you are the devil himself!
Holmes: It took two, or possibly three, handfuls before the lodger came to the window. You beckoned him to come down. He dressed hurriedly and descended to his sitting-room. You entered by the window. There was an interview--a short one--during which you walked up and down the room. Then you passed out and closed the window, standing on the lawn outside smoking a cigar and watching what occurred. Finally, after the death of Tregennis, you withdrew as you had come. Now, Dr. Sterndale, how do you justify such conduct, and what were the motives for your actions? If you prevaricate or trifle with me, I give you my assurance that the matter will pass out of my hands forever.
Sterndale: That is why I have done it.
Holmes: Brenda Tregennis.
Sterndale: Yes, Brenda Tregennis. For years I have loved her. For years she has loved me. There is the secret of that Cornish seclusion which people have marvelled at. It has brought me close to the one thing on earth that was dear to me. I could not marry her, for I have a wife who has left me for years and yet whom, by the deplorable laws of England, I could not divorce. For years Brenda waited. For years I waited. And this is what we have waited for.
###
Dr. Sterndale: The vicar knew. He was in our confidence. He would tell you that she was an angel upon earth. That was why he telegraphed to me and I returned. What was my baggage or Africa to me when I learned that such a fate had come upon my darling? There you have the missing clue to my action, Mr. Holmes.
Holmes: Proceed.
Dr. Sterndale: I understand that you are a doctor, sir. Have you ever heard of this preparation?
Holmes: Devil's-foot root! No, I have never heard of it.
Dr. Sterndale: It is no reflection upon your professional knowledge, for I believe that, save for one sample in a laboratory at Buda, there is no other specimen in Europe. It has not yet found its way either into the pharmacopoeia or into the literature of toxicology. The root is shaped like a foot, half human, half goatlike; hence the fanciful name given by a botanical missionary. It is used as an ordeal poison by the medicine-men in certain districts of West Africa and is kept as a secret among them. This particular specimen I obtained under very extraordinary circumstances in the Ubangi country.
Holmes: Well, sir?
Dr. Sterndale: I am about to tell you, Mr. Holmes, all that actually occurred, for you already know so much that it is clearly to my interest that you should know all. I have already explained the relationship in which I stood to the Tregennis family. For the sake of the sister I was friendly with the brothers. There was a family quarrel about money which estranged this man Mortimer, but it was supposed to be made up, and I afterwards met him as I did the others. He was a sly, subtle, scheming man, and several things arose which gave me a suspicion of him, but I had no cause for any positive quarrel.
###
Unknown: Should I appeal to the law? Where were my proofs? I knew that the facts were true, but could I help to make a jury of countrymen believe so fantastic a story? I might or I might not. But I could not afford to fail. My soul cried out for revenge. I have said to you once before, Mr. Holmes, that I have spent much of my life outside the law, and that I have come at last to be a law to myself. So it was even now. I determined that the fate which he had given to others should be shared by himself. Either that or I would do justice upon him with my own hand. In all England there can be no man who sets less value upon his own life than I do at the present moment. Now I have told you all. You have yourself supplied the rest. I did, as you say, after a restless night, set off early from my cottage. I foresaw the difficulty of arousing him, so I gathered some gravel from the pile which you have mentioned, and I used it to throw up to his window. He came down and admitted me through the window of the sitting-room. I laid his offence before him. I told him that I had come both as judge and executioner. The wretch sank into a chair, paralyzed at the sight of my revolver. I lit the lamp, put the powder above it, and stood outside the window, ready to carry out my threat to shoot him should he try to leave the room. In five minutes he died. My God! how he died! But my heart was flint, for he endured nothing which my innocent darling had not felt before him. There is my story, Mr. Holmes. Perhaps, if you loved a woman, you would have done as much yourself. At any rate, I am in your hands. You can take what steps you like. As I have already said, there is no man living who can fear death less than I do.
Holmes: What were your plans?
Unknown: I had intended to bury myself in central Africa. My work there is but half finished.
Holmes: Go and do the other half, I, at least, am not prepared to prevent you.
###
Holmes: What were your plans?
Dr. Sterndale: I had intended to bury myself in central Africa. My work there is but half finished.
Holmes: Go and do the other half. I, at least, am not prepared to prevent you.
Holmes: Some fumes which are not poisonous would be a welcome change. I think you must agree, Watson, that it is not a case in which we are called upon to interfere. Our investigation has been independent, and our action shall be so also. You would not denounce the man?
Watson: Certainly not.
Holmes: I have never loved, Watson, but if I did and if the woman I loved had met such an end, I might act even as our lawless lion-hunter has done. Who knows? Well, Watson, I will not offend your intelligence by explaining what is obvious. The gravel upon the window-sill was, of course, the starting-point of my research. It was unlike anything in the vicarage garden. Only when my attention had been drawn to Dr. Sterndale and his cottage did I find its counterpart. The lamp shining in broad daylight and the remains of powder upon the shield were successive links in a fairly obvious chain. And now, my dear Watson, I think we may dismiss the matter from our mind and go back with a clear conscience to the study of those Chaldean roots which are surely to be traced in the Cornish branch of the great Celtic speech.
###
Von Bork: And Belgium?
Holmes: Yes, and Belgium, too.
Von Bork: I don't see how that could be. There is a definite treaty there. She could never recover from such a humiliation.
Holmes: She would at least have peace for the moment.
Von Bork: But her honor?
Holmes: Tut, my dear sir, we live in a utilitarian age. Honour is a mediaeval conception. Besides England is not ready. It is an inconceivable thing, but even our special war tax of fifty million, which one would think made our purpose as clear as if we had advertised it on the front page of the Times, has not roused these people from their slumbers. Here and there one hears a question. It is my business to find an answer. Here and there also there is an irritation. It is my business to soothe it. But I can assure you that so far as the essentials go--the storage of munitions, the preparation for submarine attack, the arrangements for making high explosives--nothing is prepared. How, then, can England come in, especially when we have stirred her up such a devil's brew of Irish civil war, window-breaking Furies, and God knows what to keep her thoughts at home.
Von Bork: She must think of her future.
Holmes: Ah, that is another matter. I fancy that in the future we have our own very definite plans about England, and that your information will be very vital to us. It is to-day or to-morrow with Mr. John Bull. If he prefers to-day we are perfectly ready. If it is to-morrow we shall be more ready still. I should think they would be wiser to fight with allies than without them, but that is their own affair. This week is their week of destiny. But you were speaking of your papers. He sat in the armchair with the light shining upon his broad bald head, while he puffed sedately at his cigar. The large oak-panelled, book-lined room had a curtain hung in the future corner. When this was drawn it disclosed a large, brass-bound safe. Von Bork detached a small key from his watch chain, and after some considerable manipulation of the lock he swung open the heavy door.
###
American: My, but that was smart! You had it down to a fine thing.
Holmes: Yes, a few of us even then could have guessed the date. Here it is, and I'm shutting down to-morrow morning.
American: Well, I guess you'll have to fix me up also. I'm not staying is this gol-darned country all on my lonesome. In a week or less, from what I see, John Bull will be on his hind legs and fair ramping. I'd rather watch him from over the water.
American: But you're an American citizen?
American: Well, so was Jack James an American citizen, but he's doing time in Portland all the same. It cuts no ice with a British copper to tell him you're an American citizen. 'It's British law and order over here,' says he. By the way, mister, talking of Jack James, it seems to me you don't do much to cover your men.
Von Bork: What do you mean?
American: Well, you are their employer, ain't you? It's up to you to see that they don't fall down. But they do fall down, and when did you ever pick them up? There's James--
Von Bork: It was James's own fault. You know that yourself. He was too self-willed for the job.
American: James was a bonehead--I give you that. Then there was Hollis.
Von Bork: The man was mad.
American: Well, he went a bit woozy towards the end. It's enough to make a man bug-house when he has to play a part from morning to night with a hundred guys all ready to set the coppers wise to him. But now there is Steiner--
Von Bork: What about Steiner?
American: Well, they've got him, that's all. They raided his store last night, and he and his papers are all in Portsmouth jail. You'll go off and he, poor devil, will have to stand the racket, and lucky if he gets off with his life. That's why I want to get over the water as soon as you do.
Von Bork: How could they have got on to Steiner? That's the worst blow yet.
###
American: What about the dough?
Von Bork: You want the money before you give up the book.
American: Well, mister, it is a business proposition.
Von Bork: After all, since we are to be on such terms, Mr. Altamont, I don't see why I should trust you any more than you trust me. Do you understand? There's the check upon the table. I claim the right to examine that parcel before you pick the money up.
American: Another glass, Watson!
Holmes: It is a good wine, Holmes.
###
Holmes: Another glass, Watson!
Watson: It is a good wine, Holmes.
Holmes: A remarkable wine, Watson. Our friend upon the sofa has assured me that it is from Franz Josef's special cellar at the Schoenbrunn Palace. Might I trouble you to open the window, for chloroform vapour does not help the palate.
Holmes: We need not hurry ourselves, Watson. We are safe from interruption. Would you mind touching the bell? There is no one in the house except old Martha, who has played her part to admiration. I got her the situation here when first I took the matter up. Ah, Martha, you will be glad to hear that all is well.
Martha: It is all right, Mr. Holmes. According to his lights he has been a kind master. He wanted me to go with his wife to Germany yesterday, but that would hardly have suited your plans, would it, sir?
Holmes: No, indeed, Martha. So long as you were here I was easy in my mind. We waited some time for your signal to-night.
Martha: It was the secretary, sir.
Holmes: I know. His car passed ours.
Martha: I thought he would never go. I knew that it would not suit your plans, sir, to find him here.
Holmes: No, indeed. Well, it only meant that we waited half an hour or so until I saw your lamp go out and knew that the coast was clear. You can report to me tomorrow in London, Martha, at Claridge's Hotel.
Martha: Very good, sir.
Holmes: I suppose you have everything ready to leave.
###
Watson: Very good, sir.
Martha: I suppose you have everything ready to leave.
Watson: Yes, sir. He posted seven letters today. I have the addresses as usual.
Martha: Very good, I will look into them tomorrow. Good-night.
Holmes: These papers are not of very great importance, for, of course, the information which they represent has been sent off long ago to the German government. These are the originals which could not safely be got out of the country.
Watson: Then they are of no use.
Holmes: I should not go so far as to say that, Watson. They will at least show our people what is known and what is not. I may say that a good many of these papers have come through me, and I need not add are thoroughly untrustworthy. It would brighten my declining years to see a German cruiser navigating the Solent according to the mine-field plans which I have furnished. But you, Watson, I've hardly seen you in the light yet. How have the years used you? You look the same blithe boy as ever.
Watson: I feel twenty years younger, Holmes. I have seldom felt so happy as when I got your wire asking me to meet you at Harwich with the car. But you, Holmes, you have changed very little, save for that horrible goatee.
Holmes: These are the sacrifices one makes for one's country, Watson. To-morrow it will be but a dreadful memory. With my hair cut and a few other superficial changes I shall no doubt reappear at Claridge's tomorrow as I was before this American stunt--I beg your pardon, Watson, my well of English seems to be permanently defiled--before this American job came my way.
Watson: But you have retired, Holmes. We heard of you as living the life of a hermit among your bees and your books in a small farm upon the South Downs.
###
Watson: But you have retired, Holmes. We heard of you as living the life of a hermit among your bees and your books in a small farm upon the South Downs.
Holmes: Exactly, Watson. Here is the fruit of my leisured ease, the magnum opus of my latter years! Alone I did it. Behold the fruit of pensive nights and laborious days when I watched the little working gangs as once I watched the criminal world of London.
Watson: But how did you get to work again?
Holmes: Ah, I have often marvelled at it myself. The Foreign Minister alone I could have withstood, but when the Premier also deigned to visit my humble roof--! The fact is, Watson, that this gentleman upon the sofa was a bit too good for our people. He was in a class by himself. Things were going wrong, and no one could understand why they were going wrong. Agents were suspected or even caught, but there was evidence of some strong and secret central force. It was absolutely necessary to expose it. Strong pressure was brought upon me to look into the matter. It has cost me two years, Watson, but they have not been devoid of excitement. When I say that I started my pilgrimage at Chicago, graduated in an Irish secret society at Buffalo, gave serious trouble to the constabulary at Skibbareen, and so eventually caught the eye of a subordinate agent of Von Bork, who recommended me as a likely man, you will realize that the matter was complex. Since then I have been honoured by his confidence, which has not prevented most of his plans going subtly wrong and five of his best agents being in prison. I watched them, Watson, and I picked them as they ripened. Well, sir, I hope that you are none the worse!
###
Von Bork: Though unmusical, German is the most expressive of all languages.
Holmes: Hullo! Hullo! This should put another bird in the cage. I had no idea that the paymaster was such a rascal, though I have long had an eye upon him. Mister Von Bork, you have a great deal to answer for.
Von Bork: I shall get level with you, Altamont. If it takes me all my life I shall get level with you!
Holmes: The old sweet song. How often have I heard it in days gone by. It was a favorite ditty of the late lamented Professor Moriarty. Colonel Sebastian Moran has also been known to warble it. And yet I live and keep bees upon the South Downs.
Von Bork: Curse you, you double traitor!
Holmes: No, no, it is not so bad as that. As my speech surely shows you, Mr. Altamont of Chicago had no existence in fact. I used him and he is gone.
Von Bork: Then who are you?
Holmes: It is really immaterial who I am, but since the matter seems to interest you, Mr. Von Bork, I may say that this is not my first acquaintance with the members of your family. I have done a good deal of business in Germany in the past and my name is probably familiar to you.
Von Bork: I would wish to know it.
###
Prussian: I would wish to know it. It was I who brought about the separation between Irene Adler and the late King of Bohemia when your cousin Heinrich was the Imperial Envoy. It was I also who saved from murder, by the Nihilist Klopman, Count Von und Zu Grafenstein, who was your mother's elder brother. It was I--
Holmes: There is only one man.
Prussian: And most of that information came through you. What is it worth? What have I done? It is my ruin forever!
Holmes: It is certainly a little untrustworthy. It will require some checking and you have little time to check it. Your admiral may find the new guns rather larger than he expects, and the cruisers perhaps a trifle faster.
Prussian: There are a good many other points of detail which will, no doubt, come to light in good time. But you have one quality which is very rare in a German, Mr. Von Bork: you are a sportsman and you will bear me no ill-will when you realize that you, who have outwitted so many other people, have at last been outwitted yourself. After all, you have done your best for your country, and I have done my best for mine, and what could be more natural? Besides, it is better than to fall before some ignoble foe. These papers are now ready, Watson. If you will help me with our prisoner, I think that we may get started for London at once.
###
Holmes: I trust that you are as comfortable as circumstances permit. Should I be guilty of a liberty if I lit a cigar and placed it between your lips?
Von Bork: I suppose you realize, Mr. Sherlock Holmes, that if your government bears you out in this treatment it becomes an act of war.
Holmes: What about your government and all this treatment?
Von Bork: You are a private individual. You have no warrant for my arrest. The whole proceeding is absolutely illegal and outrageous.
Holmes: Absolutely.
Von Bork: Kidnapping a German subject.
Holmes: And stealing his private papers.
Holmes: My dear sir, if you did anything so foolish you would probably enlarge the two limited titles of our village inns by giving us 'The Dangling Prussian' as a signpost. The Englishman is a patient creature, but at present his temper is a little inflamed, and it would be as well not to try him too far. No, Mr. Von Bork, you will go with us in a quiet, sensible fashion to Scotland Yard, whence you can send for your friend, Baron Von Herling, and see if even now you may not fill that place which he has reserved for you in the ambassadorial suite. As to you, Watson, you are joining us with your old service, as I understand, so London won't be out of your way. Stand with me here upon the terrace, for it may be the last quiet talk that we shall ever have.
###
Holmes: There's an east wind coming, Watson.
Watson: I think not, Holmes. It is very warm.
Holmes: Good old Watson! You are the one fixed point in a changing age. There's an east wind coming all the same, such a wind as never blew on England yet. It will be cold and bitter, Watson, and a good many of us may wither before its blast. But it's God's own wind none the less, and a cleaner, better, stronger land will lie in the sunshine when the storm has cleared. Start her up, Watson, for it's time that we were on our way. I have a check for five hundred pounds which should be cashed early, for the drawer is quite capable of stopping it if he can.
###
Watson: It can't hurt now.
Holmes: It can't hurt now.
###
Watson: It may be some fussy, self-important fool; it may be a matter of life or death. I know no more than this message tells me.
Holmes: Sir James Damery presents his compliments to Mr. Sherlock Holmes and will call upon him at 4.30 tomorrow. Sir James begs to say that the matter upon which he desires to consult Mr. Holmes is very delicate and also very important. He trusts, therefore, that Mr. Holmes will make every effort to grant this interview, and that he will confirm it over the telephone to the Carlton Club.
Holmes: I need not say that I have confirmed it, Watson. Do you know anything of this man Damery?
Watson: Only that this name is a household word in society.
Holmes: He has rather a reputation for arranging delicate matters which are to be kept out of the papers. You may remember his negotiations with Sir George Lewis over the Hammerford Will case. He is a man of the world with a natural turn for diplomacy. I am bound, therefore, to hope that it is not a false scent and that he has some real need for our assistance.
Watson: Our?
Holmes: Well, if you will be so good, Watson. I shall be honoured. Then you have the hour--4.30. Until then we can put the matter out of our heads.
###
Watson: Our?
Holmes: Well, if you will be so good, Watson.
Watson: I shall be honoured.
Holmes: Then you have the hour--4.30. Until then we can put the matter out of our heads.
Watson: I was living in my own rooms in Queen Anne Street at the time, but I was round at Baker Street before the time named. Sharp to the half-hour, Colonel Sir James Damery was announced.
Colonel Sir James Damery: Of course, I was prepared to find Dr. Watson. His collaboration may be very necessary, for we are dealing on this occasion, Mr. Holmes, with a man to whom violence is familiar and who will, literally, stick at nothing. I should say that there is no more dangerous man in Europe.
Holmes: I have had several opponents to whom that flattering term has been applied. Don't you smoke? Then you will excuse me if I light my pipe. If your man is more dangerous than the late Professor Moriarty, or than the living Colonel Sebastian Moran, then he is indeed worth meeting. May I ask his name?
Colonel Sir James Damery: Have you ever heard of Baron Gruner?
Holmes: You mean the Austrian murderer?
Colonel Sir James Damery: There is no getting past you, Mr. Holmes! Wonderful! So you have already sized him up as a murderer?
###
Holmes: Have you ever heard of Baron Gruner?
Watson: You mean the Austrian murderer?
Colonel Damery: There is no getting past you, Mr. Holmes! Wonderful! So you have already sized him up as a murderer?
Holmes: It is my business to follow the details of Continental crime. Who could possibly have read what happened at Prague and have any doubts as to the man's guilt! It was a purely technical legal point and the suspicious death of a witness that saved him! I am as sure that he killed his wife when the so-called 'accident' happened in the Splugen Pass as if I had seen him do it. I knew, also, that he had come to England and had a presentiment that sooner or later he would find me some work to do. Well, what has Baron Gruner been up to? I presume it is not this old tragedy which has come up again?
Colonel Damery: No, it is more serious than that. To revenge crime is important, but to prevent it is more so. It is a terrible thing, Mr. Holmes, to see a dreadful event, an atrocious situation, preparing itself before your eyes, to clearly understand whither it will lead and yet to be utterly unable to avert it. Can a human being be placed in a more trying position?
Holmes: Perhaps not.
Colonel Damery: Then you will sympathize with the client in whose interests I am acting.
Holmes: I did not understand that you were merely an intermediary. Who is the principal?
Colonel Damery: Mr. Holmes, I must beg you not to press that question. It is important that I should be able to assure him that his honoured name has been in no way dragged into the matter. His motives are, to the last degree, honourable and chivalrous, but he prefers to remain unknown. I need not say that your fees will be assured and that you will be given a perfectly free hand. Surely the actual name of your client is immaterial?
Holmes: I am sorry, I am accustomed to have mystery at one end of my cases, but to have it at both ends is too confusing. I fear, Sir James, that I must decline to act.
###
Holmes: I am sorry, I am accustomed to have mystery at one end of my cases, but to have it at both ends is too confusing. I fear, Sir James, that I must decline to act.
Visitor: You hardly realize the effect of your own action, Mr. Holmes. You place me in a most serious dilemma, for I am perfectly certain that you would be proud to take over the case if I could give you the facts, and yet a promise forbids me from revealing them all. May I, at least, lay all that I can before you?
Holmes: By all means, so long as it is understood that I commit myself to nothing.
Visitor: He has a daughter, Violet de Merville, young, rich, beautiful, accomplished, a wonder-woman in every way. It is this daughter, this lovely, innocent girl, whom we are endeavouring to save from the clutches of a fiend.
Holmes: Baron Gruner has some hold over her, then?
Visitor: The strongest of all holds where a woman is concerned--the hold of love. The fellow is, as you may have heard, extraordinarily handsome, with a most fascinating manner, a gentle voice, and that air of romance and mystery which means so much to a woman. He is said to have the whole sex at his mercy and to have made ample use of the fact.
Holmes: But how came such a man to meet a lady of the standing of Miss Violet de Merville?
###
Watson: But how came such a man to meet a lady of the standing of Miss Violet de Merville?
Holmes: It was on a Mediterranean yachting voyage. The company, though select, paid their own passages. No doubt the promoters hardly realized the Baron's true character until it was too late. The villain attached himself to the lady, and with such effect that he has completely and absolutely won her heart. To say that she loves him hardly expresses it. She dotes upon him; she is obsessed by him. Outside of him there is nothing on earth. She will not hear one word against him. Everything has been done to cure her of her madness, but in vain. To sum up, she proposes to marry him next month. As she is of age and has a will of iron, it is hard to know how to prevent her.
Watson: Does she know about the Austrian episode?
Holmes: The cunning devil has told her every unsavoury public scandal of his past life, but always in such a way as to make himself out to be an innocent martyr. She absolutely accepts his version and will listen to no other.
Watson: Dear me! But surely you have inadvertently let out the name of your client? It is no doubt General de Merville.
Visitor: Our visitor fidgeted in his chair.
###
Watson: Dear me! But surely you have inadvertently let out the name of your client? It is no doubt General de Merville.
Visitor: I could deceive you by saying so, Mr. Holmes, but it would not be true. De Merville is a broken man. The strong soldier has been utterly demoralized by this incident. He has lost the nerve which never failed him on the battlefield and has become a weak, doddering old man, utterly incapable of contending with a brilliant, forceful rascal like this Austrian. My client, however, is an old friend, one who has known the General intimately for many years and taken a paternal interest in this young girl since she wore short frocks. He cannot see this tragedy consummated without some attempt to stop it. There is nothing in which Scotland Yard can act. It was his own suggestion that you should be called in, but it was, as I have said, on the express stipulation that he should not be personally involved in the matter. I have no doubt, Mr. Holmes, with your great powers you could easily trace my client back through me, but I must ask you, as a point of honour, to refrain from doing so, and not to break in upon his incognito.
Holmes: I think I may safely promise that. I may add that your problem interests me, and that I shall be prepared to look into it. How shall I keep in touch with you?
Visitor: The Carlton Club will find me. But in case of emergency, there is a private telephone call, 'XX.31.'
Holmes: The Baron's present address, please?
Visitor: Vernon Lodge, near Kingston. It is a large house. He has been fortunate in some rather shady speculations and is a rich man, which naturally makes him a more dangerous antagonist.
Holmes: Is he at home at present?
Visitor: Yes.
Holmes: Apart from what you have told me, can you give me any further information about the man?
###
Watson: Is he at home at present?
Holmes: Yes.
Watson: Apart from what you have told me, can you give me any further information about the man?
Holmes: He has expensive tastes. He is a horse fancier. For a short time he played polo at Hurlingham, but then this Prague affair got noised about and he had to leave. He collects books and pictures. He is a man with a considerable artistic side to his nature. He is, I believe, a recognized authority upon Chinese pottery and has written a book upon the subject.
Holmes: A complex mind. All great criminals have that. My old friend Charlie Peace was a violin virtuoso. Wainwright was no mean artist. I could quote many more. Well, Sir James, you will inform your client that I am turning my mind upon Baron Gruner. I can say no more. I have some sources of information of my own, and I dare say we may find some means of opening the matter up.
Holmes: Well, Watson, any views?
Watson: I should think you had better see the young lady herself.
Holmes: My dear Watson, if her poor old broken father cannot move her, how shall I, a stranger, prevail? And yet there is something in the suggestion if all else fails. But I think we must begin from a different angle. I rather fancy that Shinwell Johnson might be a help.
###
Watson: Johnson is on the prowl. He may pick up some garbage in the darker recesses of the underworld, for it is down there, amid the black roots of crime, that we must hunt for this man's secrets.
Holmes: But if the lady will not accept what is already known, why should any fresh discovery of yours turn her from her purpose?
Watson: Who knows, Watson? Woman's heart and mind are insoluble puzzles to the male. Murder might be condoned or explained, and yet some smaller offence might rankle. Baron Gruner remarked to me--
Watson: He remarked to you!
###
Holmes: Who knows, Watson? Woman's heart and mind are insoluble puzzles to the male. Murder might be condoned or explained, and yet some smaller offence might rankle. Baron Gruner remarked to me--
Watson: He remarked to you!
Holmes: Oh, to be sure, I had not told you of my plans. Well, Watson, I love to come to close grips with my man. I like to meet him eye to eye and read for myself the stuff that he is made of. When I had given Johnson his instructions I took a cab out to Kingston and found the Baron in a most affable mood.
Watson: Did he recognize you?
Holmes: There was no difficulty about that, for I simply sent in my card. He is an excellent antagonist, cool as ice, silky voiced and soothing as one of your fashionable consultants, and poisonous as a cobra. He has breeding in him--a real aristocrat of crime, with a superficial suggestion of afternoon tea and all the cruelty of the grave behind it. Yes, I am glad to have had my attention called to Baron Adelbert Gruner.
Watson: You say he was affable?
Holmes: A purring cat who thinks he sees prospective mice. Some people's affability is more deadly than the violence of coarser souls. His greeting was characteristic. 'I rather thought I should see you sooner or later, Mr. Holmes,' said he. 'You have been engaged, no doubt by General de Merville, to endeavour to stop my marriage with his daughter, Violet. That is so, is it not?' I acquiesced. 'My dear man,' said he, 'you will only ruin your own well-deserved reputation. It is not a case in which you can possibly succeed. You will have barren work, to say nothing of incurring some danger. Let me very strongly advise you to draw off at once.'
###
Holmes: My dear man, you will only ruin your own well-deserved reputation. It is not a case in which you can possibly succeed. You will have barren work, to say nothing of incurring some danger. Let me very strongly advise you to draw off at once.
Watson: It is curious, but that was the very advice which I had intended to give you. I have a respect for your brains, Baron, and the little which I have seen of your personality has not lessened it. Let me put it to you as man to man. No one wants to rake up your past and make you unduly uncomfortable. It is over, and you are now in smooth waters, but if you persist in this marriage you will raise up a swarm of powerful enemies who will never leave you alone until they have made England too hot to hold you. Is the game worth it? Surely you would be wiser if you left the lady alone. It would not be pleasant for you if these facts of your past were brought to her notice.
Baron: Excuse my amusement, Mr. Holmes, but it is really funny to see you trying to play a hand with no cards in it. I don't think anyone could do it better, but it is rather pathetic, all the same. Not a colour card there, Mr. Holmes, nothing but the smallest of the small.
Holmes: So you think.
###
Holmes: So you think.
Holmes: So I know. Let me make the thing clear to you, for my own hand is so strong that I can afford to show it. I have been fortunate enough to win the entire affection of this lady. This was given to me in spite of the fact that I told her very clearly of all the unhappy incidents in my past life. I also told her that certain wicked and designing persons--I hope you recognize yourself--would come to her and tell her these things, and I warned her how to treat them. You have heard of post-hypnotic suggestion, Mr. Holmes? Well, you will see how it works, for a man of personality can use hypnotism without any vulgar passes or tomfoolery. So she is ready for you and, I have no doubt, would give you an appointment, for she is quite amenable to her father's will--save only in the one little matter.
Watson: Well, Watson, there seemed to be no more to say, so I took my leave with as much cold dignity as I could summon, but, as I had my hand on the door-handle, he stopped me.
Holmes: By the way, Mr. Holmes, said he, did you know Le Brun, the French agent?
Holmes: Yes.
Holmes: Do you know what befell him?
Holmes: I heard that he was beaten by some Apaches in the Montmartre district and crippled for life.
Holmes: Quite true, Mr. Holmes. By a curious coincidence he had been inquiring into my affairs only a week before. Don't do it, Mr. Holmes; it's not a lucky thing to do. Several have found that out. My last word to you is, go your own way and let me go mine. Good-bye!
Watson: So there you are, Watson. You are up to date now.
Watson: The fellow seems dangerous.
Holmes: Mighty dangerous. I disregard the blusterer, but this is the sort of man who says rather less than he means.
Watson: Must you interfere? Does it really matter if he marries the girl?
Holmes: Considering that he undoubtedly murdered his last wife, I should say it mattered very much. Besides, the client! Well, well, we need not discuss that. When you have finished your coffee you had best come home with me, for the blithe Shinwell will be there with his report.
###
Shinwell Johnson: This is Miss Kitty Winter. What she don't know--well, there, she'll speak for herself. Put my hand right on her, Mr. Holmes, within an hour of your message.
Miss Kitty Winter: I'm easy to find. Hell, London, gets me every time. Same address for Porky Shinwell. We're old mates, Porky, you and I. But, by cripes! there is another who ought to be down in a lower hell than we if there was any justice in the world! That is the man you are after, Mr. Holmes.
Holmes: I gather we have your good wishes, Miss Winter.
Miss Kitty Winter: If I can help to put him where he belongs, I'm yours to the rattle. You needn't go into my past, Mr. Holmes. That's neither here nor there. But what I am Adelbert Gruner made me. If I could pull him down! Oh, if I could only pull him into the pit where he has pushed so many!
Holmes: You know how the matter stands?
Miss Kitty Winter: Porky Shinwell has been telling me. He's after some other poor fool and wants to marry her this time. You want to stop it. Well, you surely know enough about this devil to prevent any decent girl in her senses wanting to be in the same parish with him.
Holmes: She is not in her senses. She is madly in love. She has been told all about him. She cares nothing.
###
Holmes: Where is it?
Shinwell Johnson: How can I tell you where it is now? It's more than a year since I left him. I know where he kept it then. He's a precise, tidy cat of a man in many of his ways, so maybe it is still in the pigeon-hole of the old bureau in the inner study. Do you know his house?
Holmes: I've been in the study.
Shinwell Johnson: Have you, though? You haven't been slow on the job if you only started this morning. Maybe dear Adelbert has met his match this time. The outer study is the one with the Chinese crockery in it--big glass cupboard between the windows. Then behind his desk is the door that leads to the inner study--a small room where he keeps papers and things.
Holmes: Is he not afraid of burglars?
Shinwell Johnson: Adelbert is no coward. His worst enemy couldn't say that of him. He can look after himself. There's a burglar alarm at night. Besides, what is there for a burglar--unless they got away with all this fancy crockery?
Shinwell Johnson: No good. No fence wants stuff of that sort that you can neither melt nor sell.
Holmes: Well, now, Miss Winter, if you would call here to-morrow evening at five, I would consider in the meanwhile whether your suggestion of seeing this lady personally may not be arranged. I am exceedingly obliged to you for your cooperation. I need not say that my clients will consider liberally--
Miss Winter: None of that, Mr. Holmes. I am not out for money. Let me see this man in the mud, and I've got all I've worked for--in the mud with my foot on his cursed face. That's my price. I'm with you to-morrow or any other day so long as you are on his track. Porky here can tell you always where to find me.
###
Holmes: There was no difficulty at all about the appointment, for the girl glories in showing abject filial obedience in all secondary things in an attempt to atone for her flagrant breach of it in her engagement. The General 'phoned that all was ready, and the fiery Miss W. turned up according to schedule, so that at half-past five a cab deposited us outside 104 Berkeley Square, where the old soldier resides--one of those awful gray London castles which would make a church seem frivolous. A footman showed us into a great yellow-curtained drawing-room, and there was the lady awaiting us, demure, pale, self-contained, as inflexible and remote as a snow image on a mountain. I don't quite know how to make her clear to you, Watson. Perhaps you may meet her before we are through, and you can use your own gift of words. She is beautiful, but with the ethereal other-world beauty of some fanatic whose thoughts are set on high. I have seen such faces in the pictures of the old masters of the Middle Ages. How a beastman could have laid his vile paws upon such a being of the beyond I cannot imagine. You may have noticed how extremes call to each other, the spiritual to the animal, the cave-man to the angel. You never saw a worse case than this. She knew what we had come for, of course--that villain had lost no time in poisoning her mind against us. Miss Winter's advent rather amazed her, I think, but she waved us into our respective chairs like a reverend abbess receiving two rather leprous mendicants. If your head is inclined to swell, my dear Watson, take a course of Miss Violet de Merville.
###
Unknown: Well, sir, your name is familiar to me. You have called, as I understand, to malign my fianc, Baron Gruner. It is only by my father's request that I see you at all, and I warn you in advance that anything you can say could not possibly have the slightest effect upon my mind.
Holmes: I was sorry for her, Watson. I thought of her for the moment as I would have thought of a daughter of my own. I am not often eloquent. I use my head, not my heart. But I really did plead with her with all the warmth of words that I could find in my nature. I pictured to her the awful position of the woman who only wakes to a man's character after she is his wife--a woman who has to submit to be caressed by bloody hands and lecherous lips. I spared her nothing--the shame, the fear, the agony, the hopelessness of it all. All my hot words could not bring one tinge of colour to those ivory cheeks or one gleam of emotion to those abstracted eyes. I thought of what the rascal had said about a post-hypnotic influence. One could really believe that she was living above the earth in some ecstatic dream. Yet there was nothing indefinite in her replies.
###
Miss de Merville: I should prefer not to discuss such matters. Let me say once for all that I am aware of three passages in my fianc's life in which he became entangled with designing women, and that I am assured of his hearty repentance for any evil that he may have done.
Holmes: Three passages! You fool! You unutterable fool!
Miss de Merville: Mr. Holmes, I beg that you will bring this interview to an end. I have obeyed my father's wish in seeing you, but I am not compelled to listen to the ravings of this person.
Watson: With an oath Miss Winter darted forward, and if I had not caught her wrist she would have clutched this maddening woman by the hair. I dragged her towards the door and was lucky to get her back into the cab without a public scene, for she was beside herself with rage. In a cold way I felt pretty furious myself, Watson, for there was something indescribably annoying in the calm aloofness and supreme self-complaisance of the woman whom we were trying to save. So now once again you know exactly how we stand, and it is clear that I must plan some fresh opening move, for this gambit won't work. I'll keep in touch with you, Watson, for it is more than likely that you will have your part to play, though it is just possible that the next move may lie with them rather than with us.
Watson: And it did. Their blow fell--or his blow rather, for never could I believe that the lady was privy to it. I think I could show you the very paving-stone upon which I stood when my eyes fell upon the placard, and a pang of horror passed through my very soul. It was between the Grand Hotel and Charing Cross Station, where a one-legged news-vender displayed his evening papers. The date was just two days after the last conversation. There, black upon yellow, was the terrible news-sheet: Murderous Attack Upon Sherlock Holmes
###
Holmes: No immediate danger. Two lacerated scalp wounds and some considerable bruises. Several stitches have been necessary. Morphine has been injected and quiet is essential, but an interview of a few minutes would not be absolutely forbidden.
Watson: All right, Watson. Don't look so scared. It's not as bad as it seems.
Holmes: I'm a bit of a single-stick expert, as you know. I took most of them on my guard. It was the second man that was too much for me.
Watson: What can I do, Holmes? Of course, it was that damned fellow who set them on. I'll go and thrash the hide off him if you give the word.
Holmes: Good old Watson! No, we can do nothing there unless the police lay their hands on the men. But their get-away had been well prepared. We may be sure of that. Wait a little. I have my plans. The first thing is to exaggerate my injuries. They'll come to you for news. Put it on thick, Watson. Lucky if I live the week out--concussion--delirium--what you like! You can't overdo it.
Watson: But Sir Leslie Oakshott?
Holmes: Oh, he's all right. He shall see the worst side of me. I'll look after that.
Watson: Anything else?
Holmes: Yes. Tell Shinwell Johnson to get that girl out of the way. Those beauties will be after her now. They know, of course, that she was with me in the case. If they dared to do me in it is not likely they will neglect her. That is urgent. Do it to-night.
Watson: I'll go now. Anything more?
Holmes: Put my pipe on the table--and the tobacco-slipper. Right! Come in each morning and we will plan our campaign.
###
Holmes: Put my pipe on the table--and the tobacco-slipper. Right! Come in each morning and we will plan our campaign.
Watson: I arranged with Johnson that evening to take Miss Winter to a quiet suburb and see that she lay low until the danger was past.
Watson: For six days the public were under the impression that Holmes was at the door of death. The bulletins were very grave and there were sinister paragraphs in the papers. My continual visits assured me that it was not so bad as that. His wiry constitution and his determined will were working wonders. He was recovering fast, and I had suspicions at times that he was really finding himself faster than he pretended even to me. There was a curious secretive streak in the man which led to many dramatic effects, but left even his closest friend guessing as to what his exact plans might be. He pushed to an extreme the axiom that the only safe plotter was he who plotted alone. I was nearer him than anyone else, and yet I was always conscious of the gap between.
Holmes: On the seventh day the stitches were taken out, in spite of which there was a report of erysipelas in the evening papers. The same evening papers had an announcement which I was bound, sick or well, to carry to my friend. It was simply that among the passengers on the Cunard boat Ruritania, starting from Liverpool on Friday, was the Baron Adelbert Gruner, who had some important financial business to settle in the States before his impending wedding to Miss Violet de Merville, only daughter of, etc., etc. Holmes listened to the news with a cold, concentrated look upon his pale face, which told me that it hit him hard.
Holmes: Friday! Only three clear days. I believe the rascal wants to put himself out of danger's way. But he won't, Watson! By the Lord Harry, he won't! Now, Watson, I want you to do something for me.
Watson: I am here to be used, Holmes.
Holmes: Well, then, spend the next twenty-four hours in an intensive study of Chinese pottery.
###
Watson: I am here to be used, Holmes.
Holmes: Well, then, spend the next twenty-four hours in an intensive study of Chinese pottery.
Watson: Why, Holmes, if one believed the papers, you are dying.
Holmes: That is the very impression which I intended to convey. And now, Watson, have you learned your lessons?
Watson: At least I have tried to.
Holmes: Good. You could keep up an intelligent conversation on the subject?
Watson: I believe I could.
###
Holmes: Then hand me that little box from the mantelpiece.
Holmes: It needs careful handling, Watson. This is the real egg-shell pottery of the Ming dynasty. No finer piece ever passed through Christie's. A complete set of this would be worth a king's ransom--in fact, it is doubtful if there is a complete set outside the imperial palace of Peking. The sight of this would drive a real connoisseur wild.
Watson: What am I to do with it?
Holmes: That is your name for the evening, Watson. You will call upon Baron Gruner. I know something of his habits, and at half-past eight he would probably be disengaged. A note will tell him in advance that you are about to call, and you will say that you are bringing him a specimen of an absolutely unique set of Ming china. You may as well be a medical man, since that is a part which you can play without duplicity. You are a collector, this set has come your way, you have heard of the Baron's interest in the subject, and you are not averse to selling at a price.
Watson: What price?
Holmes: Well asked, Watson. You would certainly fall down badly if you did not know the value of your own wares. This saucer was got for me by Sir James, and comes, I understand, from the collection of his client. You will not exaggerate if you say that it could hardly be matched in the world.
Watson: I could perhaps suggest that the set should be valued by an expert.
Holmes: Excellent, Watson! You scintillate to-day. Suggest Christie or Sotheby. Your delicacy prevents your putting a price for yourself.
Watson: But if he won't see me?
###
Watson: I could perhaps suggest that the set should be valued by an expert.
Holmes: Excellent, Watson! You scintillate today. Suggest Christie or Sotheby. Your delicacy prevents you putting a price for yourself.
Watson: But if he won't see me?
Holmes: Oh, yes, he will see you. He has the collection mania in its most acute form--and especially on this subject, on which he is an acknowledged authority. Sit down, Watson, and I will dictate the letter. No answer needed. You will merely say that you are coming, and why.
Watson: It was an admirable document, short, courteous, and stimulating to the curiosity of the connoisseur. A district messenger was duly dispatched with it. On the same evening, with the precious saucer in my hand and the card of Dr. Hill Barton in my pocket, I set off on my own adventure.
Watson: The beautiful house and grounds indicated that Baron Gruner was, as Sir James had said, a man of considerable wealth. A long winding drive, with banks of rare shrubs on either side, opened out into a great gravelled square adorned with statues. The place had been built by a South African gold king in the days of the great boom, and the long, low house with the turrets at the corners, though an architectural nightmare, was imposing in its size and solidity. A butler, who would have adorned a bench of bishops, showed me in and handed me over to a plush-clad footman, who ushered me into the Baron's presence.
Baron Gruner: Pray sit down, Doctor. I was looking over my own treasures and wondering whether I could really afford to add to them. This little Tang specimen, which dates from the seventh century, would probably interest you. I am sure you never saw finer workmanship or a richer glaze. Have you the Ming saucer with you of which you spoke?
###
Watson: Does it really matter? You can see that the piece is genuine, and, as to the value, I am content to take an expert's valuation.
Holmes: Very mysterious. In dealing with objects of such value, one naturally wishes to know all about the transaction. That the piece is genuine is certain. I have no doubts at all about that. But suppose--I am bound to take every possibility into account--that it should prove afterwards that you had no right to sell?
Watson: I would guarantee you against any claim of the sort.
Holmes: That, of course, would open up the question as to what your guarantee was worth.
Watson: My bankers would answer that.
Holmes: Quite so. And yet the whole transaction strikes me as rather unusual.
Watson: You can do business or not. I have given you the first offer as I understood that you were a connoisseur, but I shall have no difficulty in other quarters.
Holmes: Who told you I was a connoisseur?
Watson: I was aware that you had written a book upon the subject.
Holmes: Have you read the book?
Watson: No.
Holmes: Dear me, this becomes more and more difficult for me to understand! You are a connoisseur and collector with a very valuable piece in your collection, and yet you have never troubled to consult the one book which would have told you of the real meaning and value of what you held. How do you explain that?
Watson: I am a very busy man. I am a doctor in practice.
Holmes: That is no answer. If a man has a hobby he follows it up, whatever his other pursuits may be. You said in your note that you were a connoisseur.
Watson: So I am.
Holmes: Might I ask you a few questions to test you? I am obliged to tell you, Doctor--if you are indeed a doctor--that the incident becomes more and more suspicious. I would ask you what do you know of the Emperor Shomu and how do you associate him with the Shoso-in near Nara? Dear me, does that puzzle you? Tell me a little about the Northern Wei dynasty and its place in the history of ceramics.
###
Watson: This is intolerable, sir. I came here to do you a favour, and not to be examined as if I were a schoolboy. My knowledge on these subjects may be second only to your own, but I certainly shall not answer questions which have been put in so offensive a way.
Holmes: What is the game? You are here as a spy. You are an emissary of Holmes. This is a trick that you are playing upon me. The fellow is dying I hear, so he sends his tools to keep watch upon me. You've made your way in here without leave, and, by God! you may find it harder to get out than to get in.
Watson: Ah! Ah!
Watson: Ah! and dashed into the room behind him.
###
Holmes: It is his love diary?
Watson: Or his lust diary. Call it what you will. The moment the woman told us of it I realized what a tremendous weapon was there if we could but lay our hands on it. I said nothing at the time to indicate my thoughts, for this woman might have given it away. But I brooded over it. Then this assault upon me gave me the chance of letting the Baron think that no precautions need be taken against me. That was all to the good. I would have waited a little longer, but his visit to America forced my hand. He would never have left so compromising a document behind him. Therefore we had to act at once. Burglary at night is impossible. He takes precautions. But there was a chance in the evening if I could only be sure that his attention was engaged. That was where you and your blue saucer came in. But I had to be sure of the position of the book, and I knew I had only a few minutes in which to act, for my time was limited by your knowledge of Chinese pottery. Therefore I gathered the girl up at the last moment. How could I guess what the little packet was that she carried so carefully under her cloak? I thought she had come altogether on my business, but it seems she had some of her own.
Watson: He guessed I came from you.
Holmes: I feared he would. But you held him in play just long enough for me to get the book, though not long enough for an unobserved escape. Ah, Sir James, I am very glad you have come!
Sir James: You have done wonders--wonders! But if these injuries are as terrible as Dr. Watson describes, then surely our purpose of thwarting the marriage is sufficiently gained without the use of this horrible book.
Holmes: Holmes shook his head.
###
Holmes: Women of the De Merville type do not act like that. She would love him the more as a disfigured martyr. No, no. It is his moral side, not his physical, which we have to destroy. That book will bring her back to earth--and I know nothing else that could. It is in his own writing. She cannot get past it.
Narrator: Sir James carried away both it and the precious saucer. As I was myself overdue, I went down with him into the street. A brougham was waiting for him. He sprang in, gave a hurried order to the cockaded coachman, and drove swiftly away. He flung his overcoat half out of the window to cover the armorial bearings upon the panel, but I had seen them in the glare of our fanlight none the less. I gasped with surprise. Then I turned back and ascended the stair to Holmes's room.
Watson: I have found out who our client is, Why, Holmes, it is--
Holmes: It is a loyal friend and a chivalrous gentleman. Let that now and forever be enough for us.
Narrator: I do not know how the incriminating book was used. Sir James may have managed it. Or it is more probable that so delicate a task was entrusted to the young lady's father. The effect, at any rate, was all that could be desired. Three days later appeared a paragraph in the Morning Post to say that the marriage between Baron Adelbert Gruner and Miss Violet de Merville would not take place. The same paper had the first police-court hearing of the proceedings against Miss Kitty Winter on the grave charge of vitriol-throwing. Such extenuating circumstances came out in the trial that the sentence, as will be remembered, was the lowest that was possible for such an offence. Sherlock Holmes was threatened with a prosecution for burglary, but when an object is good and a client is sufficiently illustrious, even the rigid British law becomes human and elastic. My friend has not yet stood in the dock.
###
Holmes: The ideas of my friend Watson, though limited, are exceedingly pertinacious. For a long time he has worried me to write an experience of my own. Perhaps I have rather invited this persecution, since I have often had occasion to point out to him how superficial are his own accounts and to accuse him of pandering to popular taste instead of confining himself rigidly to facts and figures. "Try it yourself, Holmes!" he has retorted, and I am compelled to admit that, having taken my pen in my hand, I do begin to realize that the matter must be presented in such a way as may interest the reader. The following case can hardly fail to do so, as it is among the strangest happenings in my collection, though it chanced that Watson had no note of it in his collection. Speaking of my old friend and biographer, I would take this opportunity to remark that if I burden myself with a companion in my various little inquiries it is not done out of sentiment or caprice, but it is that Watson has some remarkable characteristics of his own to which in his modesty he has given small attention amid his exaggerated estimates of my own performances. A confederate who foresees your conclusions and course of action is always dangerous, but one to whom each development comes as a perpetual surprise, and to whom the future is always a closed book, is indeed an ideal helpmate.
Holmes: I find from my notebook that it was in January, 1903, just after the conclusion of the Boer War, that I had my visit from Mr. James M. Dodd, a big, fresh, sunburned, upstanding Briton. The good Watson had at that time deserted me for a wife, the only selfish action which I can recall in our association. I was alone.
###
Holmes: From South Africa, sir, I perceive.
Dodd: Yes, sir.
Holmes: Imperial Yeomanry, I fancy.
Dodd: Exactly.
Holmes: Middlesex Corps, no doubt.
Dodd: That is so. Mr. Holmes, you are a wizard.
Holmes: When a gentleman of virile appearance enters my room with such tan upon his face as an English sun could never give, and with his handkerchief in his sleeve instead of in his pocket, it is not difficult to place him. You wear a short beard, which shows that you were not a regular. You have the cut of a riding-man. As to Middlesex, your card has already shown me that you are a stockbroker from Throgmorton Street. What other regiment would you join?
Dodd: You see everything.
Holmes: I see no more than you, but I have trained myself to notice what I see. However, Mr. Dodd, it was not to discuss the science of observation that you called upon me this morning. What has been happening at Tuxbury Old Park?
Dodd: Mr. Holmes-
Holmes: My dear sir, there is no mystery. Your letter came with that heading, and as you fixed this appointment in very pressing terms it was clear that something sudden and important had occurred.
Dodd: Yes, indeed. But the letter was written in the afternoon, and a good deal has happened since then. If Colonel Emsworth had not kicked me out--
Holmes: Kicked you out!
Dodd: Well, that was what it amounted to. He is a hard nail, is Colonel Emsworth. The greatest martinet in the Army in his day, and it was a day of rough language, too. I couldn't have stuck the colonel if it had not been for Godfrey's sake.
Holmes: I lit my pipe and leaned back in my chair.
###
Holmes: Can it matter?
Watson: It is most essential.
Holmes: I really took no notice. Possibly you observed whether it was a broad-leafed paper or of that smaller type which one associates with weeklies.
Watson: Now that you mention it, it was not large. It might have been the Spectator. However, I had little thought to spare upon such details, for a second man was seated with his back to the window, and I could swear that this second man was Godfrey. I could not see his face, but I knew the familiar slope of his shoulders. He was leaning upon his elbow in an attitude of great melancholy, his body turned towards the fire. I was hesitating as to what I should do when there was a sharp tap on my shoulder, and there was Colonel Emsworth beside me.
Colonel Emsworth: 'This way, sir!' said he in a low voice. He walked in silence to the house, and I followed him into my own bedroom. He had picked up a time-table in the hall. 'There is a train to London at 8.30,' said he. 'The trap will be at the door at eight.'
Colonel Emsworth: 'The matter will not bear discussion,' said he abruptly. 'You have made a most damnable intrusion into the privacy of our family. You were here as a guest and you have become a spy. I have nothing more to say, sir, save that I have no wish ever to see you again.'
Watson: At this I lost my temper, Mr. Holmes, and I spoke with some warmth. 'I have seen your son, and I am convinced that for some reason of your own you are concealing him from the world. I have no idea what your motives are in cutting him off in this fashion, but I am sure that he is no longer a free agent. I warn you, Colonel Emsworth, that until I am assured as to the safety and well-being of my friend I shall never desist in my efforts to get to the bottom of the mystery, and I shall certainly not allow myself to be intimidated by anything which you may say or do.'
###
Watson: You said nothing of your suspicions?
Holmes: Nothing.
Watson: That was very wise. The matter should certainly be inquired into. I will go back with you to Tuxbury Old Park. Today?
Holmes: It happened that at the moment I was clearing up the case which my friend Watson has described as that of the Abbey School, in which the Duke of Greyminster was so deeply involved. I had also a commission from the Sultan of Turkey which called for immediate action, as political consequences of the gravest kind might arise from its neglect. Therefore it was not until the beginning of the next week, as my diary records, that I was able to start forth on my mission to Bedfordshire in company with Mr. James M. Dodd. As we drove to Euston we picked up a grave and taciturn gentleman of iron-gray aspect, with whom I had made the necessary arrangements. This is an old friend," said I to Dodd. "It is possible that his presence may be entirely unnecessary, and, on the other hand, it may be essential. It is not necessary at the present stage to go further into the matter." The narratives of Watson have accustomed the reader, no doubt, to the fact that I do not waste words or disclose my thoughts while a case is actually under consideration. Dodd seemed surprised, but nothing more was said, and the three of us continued our journey together. In the train I asked Dodd one more question which I wished our companion to hear. You say that you saw your friend's face quite clearly at the window, so clearly that you are sure of his identity? I have no doubt about it whatever. His nose was pressed against the glass. The lamplight shone full upon him. It could not have been someone resembling him? No, no, it was he. But you say he was changed? Only in colour. His face was--how shall I describe it?--it was of a fish-belly whiteness. It was bleached. Was it equally pale all over? I think not. It was his brow which I saw so clearly as it was pressed against the window. Did you call to him?
###
Watson: Was it equally pale all over?
Holmes: I think not. It was his brow which I saw so clearly as it was pressed against the window.
Watson: Did you call to him?
Holmes: I was too startled and horrified for the moment. Then I pursued him, as I have told you, but without result.
Watson: My case was practically complete, and there was only one small incident needed to round it off. When, after a considerable drive, we arrived at the strange old rambling house which my client had described, it was Ralph, the elderly butler, who opened the door. I had requisitioned the carriage for the day and had asked my elderly friend to remain within it unless we should summon him. Ralph, a little wrinkled old fellow, was in the conventional costume of black coat and pepper-and-salt trousers, with only one curious variant. He wore brown leather gloves, which at sight of us he instantly shuffled off, laying them down on the hall-table as we passed in. I have, as my friend Watson may have remarked, an abnormally acute set of senses, and a faint but incisive scent was apparent. It seemed to centre on the hall-table. I turned, placed my hat there, knocked it off, stooped to pick it up, and contrived to bring my nose within a foot of the gloves. Yes, it was undoubtedly from them that the curious tarry odour was oozing. I passed on into the study with my case complete. Alas, that I should have to show my hand so when I tell my own story! It was by concealing such links in the chain that Watson was enabled to produce his meretricious finales.
Watson: Colonel Emsworth was not in his room, but he came quickly enough on receipt of Ralph's message. We heard his quick, heavy step in the passage. The door was flung open and he rushed in with bristling beard and twisted features, as terrible an old man as ever I have seen. He held our cards in his hand, and he tore them up and stamped on the fragments.
###
Holmes: How do you know?
Holmes: It is my business to know things. That is my trade.
Colonel Emsworth: Well, if you wish to see Godfrey, you shall. It is no doing of mine, but you have forced my hand. Ralph, tell Mr. Godfrey and Mr. Kent that in five minutes we shall be with them.
Mr. Kent: This is very sudden, Colonel Emsworth. This will disarrange all our plans.
Colonel Emsworth: I can't help it, Mr. Kent. Our hands have been forced. Can Mr. Godfrey see us?
Mr. Kent: Yes, he is waiting inside.
Client: Why, Godfrey, old man, this is fine!
Godfrey: Don't touch me, Jimmie. Keep your distance. Yes, you may well stare! I don't quite look the smart Lance-Corporal Emsworth, of B Squadron, do I?
Godfrey: That's why I don't court visitors. I don't mind you, Jimmie, but I could have done without your friend. I suppose there is some good reason for it, but you have me at a disadvantage.
Client: I wanted to be sure that all was well with you, Godfrey. I saw you that night when you looked into my window, and I could not let the matter rest till I had cleared things up.
Godfrey: Old Ralph told me you were there, and I couldn't help taking a peep at you. I hoped you would not have seen me, and I had to run to my burrow when I heard the window go up.
###
Holmes: I have the ordinary knowledge of the educated medical man.
Watson: I have no doubt, sir, that you are fully competent, but I am sure that you will agree that in such a case a second opinion is valuable. You have avoided this, I understand, for fear that pressure should be put upon you to segregate the patient.
Colonel Emsworth: That is so.
Watson: I foresaw this situation, and I have brought with me a friend whose discretion may absolutely be trusted. I was able once to do him a professional service, and he is ready to advise as a friend rather than as a specialist. His name is Sir James Saunders.
Mr. Kent: I shall indeed be proud.
Watson: Then I will ask Sir James to step this way. He is at present in the carriage outside the door. Meanwhile, Colonel Emsworth, we may perhaps assemble in your study, where I could give the necessary explanations.
Holmes: And here it is that I miss my Watson. By cunning questions and ejaculations of wonder he could elevate my simple art, which is but systematized common sense, into a prodigy. When I tell my own story I have no such aid. And yet I will give my process of thought even as I gave it to my small audience, which included Godfrey's mother in the study of Colonel Emsworth.
###
Holmes: There remained the third possibility, into which, rare and unlikely as it was, everything seemed to fit. Leprosy is not uncommon in South Africa. By some extraordinary chance this youth might have contracted it. His people would be placed in a very dreadful position, since they would desire to save him from segregation. Great secrecy would be needed to prevent rumours from getting about and subsequent interference by the authorities. A devoted medical man, if sufficiently paid, would easily be found to take charge of the sufferer. There would be no reason why the latter should not be allowed freedom after dark. Bleaching of the skin is a common result of the disease. The case was a strong one--so strong that I determined to act as if it were actually proved. When on arriving here I noticed that Ralph, who carries out the meals, had gloves which are impregnated with disinfectants, my last doubts were removed. A single word showed you, sir, that your secret was discovered, and if I wrote rather than said it, it was to prove to you that my discretion was to be trusted.
Holmes: It is often my lot to bring ill-tidings and seldom good. This occasion is the more welcome. It is not leprosy.
Colonel Emsworth: What?
###
Watson: It is often my lot to bring ill-tidings and seldom good. This occasion is the more welcome. It is not leprosy.
Holmes: What? A well-marked case of pseudo-leprosy or ichthyosis, a scale-like affection of the skin, unsightly, obstinate, but possibly curable, and certainly noninfective. Yes, Mr. Holmes, the coincidence is a remarkable one. But is it coincidence? Are there not subtle forces at work of which we know little? Are we assured that the apprehension from which this young man has no doubt suffered terribly since his exposure to its contagion may not produce a physical effect which simulates that which it fears? At any rate, I pledge my professional reputation-- But the lady has fainted! I think that Mr. Kent had better be with her until she recovers from this joyous shock.
Watson: It all seems very unchanged, Billy. You don't change, either. I hope the same can be said of him?
Billy: I think he's in bed and asleep.
Watson: That means a case, I suppose?
###
Watson: And Mr. Holmes knows it?
Holmes: Mr. Holmes always knows whatever there is to know.
Watson: Well, we'll hope he won't fail and that Lord Cantlemere will be confounded. But I say, Billy, what is that curtain for across the window?
Billy: Mr. Holmes had it put up there three days ago. We've got something funny behind it.
Watson: We used something of the sort once before.
Billy: Before my time. There are folk who watch us from over yonder. I can see a fellow now at the window. Have a look for yourself.
Holmes: That will do, Billy. You were in danger of your life then, my boy, and I can't do without you just yet. Well, Watson, it is good to see you in your old quarters once again. You come at a critical moment.
Watson: So I gather.
Holmes: You can go, Billy. That boy is a problem, Watson. How far am I justified in allowing him to be in danger?
Watson: Danger of what, Holmes?
Holmes: Of sudden death. I'm expecting something this evening.
Watson: Expecting what?
Holmes: To be murdered, Watson.
Watson: No, no, you are joking, Holmes!
###
Watson: Danger of what, Holmes?
Holmes: Of sudden death. I'm expecting something this evening.
Watson: Expecting what?
Holmes: To be murdered, Watson.
Watson: No, no, you are joking, Holmes!
Holmes: Even my limited sense of humour could evolve a better joke than that. But we may be comfortable in the meantime, may we not? Is alcohol permitted? The gasogene and cigars are in the old place. Let me see you once more in the customary armchair. You have not, I hope, learned to despise my pipe and my lamentable tobacco? It has to take the place of food these days.
Holmes: Because the faculties become refined when you starve them. Why, surely, as a doctor, my dear Watson, you must admit that what your digestion gains in the way of blood supply is so much lost to the brain. I am a brain, Watson. The rest of me is a mere appendix. Therefore, it is the brain I must consider.
Watson: But this danger, Holmes?
Holmes: Ah, yes, in case it should come off, it would perhaps be as well that you should burden your memory with the name and address of the murderer. You can give it to Scotland Yard, with my love and a parting blessing. Sylvius is the name--Count Negretto Sylvius. Write it down, man, write it down! 136 Moorside Gardens, N. W. Got it?
Watson: Count me in, Holmes. I have nothing to do for a day or two.
Holmes: Your morals don't improve, Watson. You have added fibbing to your other vices. You bear every sign of the busy medical man, with calls on him every hour.
Watson: Not such important ones. But can't you have this fellow arrested?
Holmes: Because I don't know where the diamond is.
###
Watson: Not such important ones. But can't you have this fellow arrested?
Holmes: Yes, Watson, I could. That's what worries him so.
Watson: But why don't you?
Holmes: Because I don't know where the diamond is.
Watson: Ah! Billy told me- the missing Crown jewel!
Holmes: Yes, the great yellow Mazarin stone. I've cast my net and I have my fish. But I have not got the stone. What is the use of taking them? We can make the world a better place by laying them by the heels. But that is not what I am out for. It's the stone I want.
Watson: And is this Count Sylvius one of your fish?
Holmes: Yes, and he's a shark. He bites. The other is Sam Merton, the boxer. Not a bad fellow, Sam, but the Count has used him. Sam's not a shark. He is a great big silly bull-headed gudgeon. But he is flopping about in my net all the same.
Watson: Where is this Count Sylvius?
Holmes: I've been at his very elbow all the morning. You've seen me as an old lady, Watson. I was never more convincing. He actually picked up my parasol for me once. 'By your leave, madame,' said he--half-Italian, you know, and with the Southern graces of manner when in the mood, but a devil incarnate in the other mood. Life is full of whimsical happenings, Watson.
Watson: It might have been tragedy.
Holmes: Well, perhaps it might. I followed him to old Straubenzee's workshop in the Minories. Straubenzee made the air-gun--a very pretty bit of work, as I understand, and I rather fancy it is in the opposite window at the present moment. Have you seen the dummy? Of course, Billy showed it to you. Well, it may get a bullet through its beautiful head at any moment. Ah, Billy, what is it?
Holmes: The man himself. I had hardly expected this. Grasp the nettle, Watson! A man of nerve. Possibly you have heard of his reputation as a shooter of big game. It would indeed be a triumphant ending to his excellent sporting record if he added me to his bag. This is a proof that he feels my toe very close behind his heel.
###
Watson: Send for the police.
Holmes: I probably shall. But not just yet. Would you glance carefully out of the window, Watson, and see if anyone is hanging about in the street?
Watson: Yes, there is one rough fellow near the door.
Holmes: That will be Sam Merton--the faithful but rather fatuous Sam. Where is this gentleman, Billy?
Billy: In the waiting room, sir.
Holmes: Show him up when I ring.
Billy: If I am not in the room, show him in all the same.
Holmes: Watson, this is simply impossible. This is a desperate man, who sticks at nothing. He may have come to murder you.
Watson: I should not be surprised.
Holmes: I insist upon staying with you.
Watson: You would be horribly in the way.
Holmes: In his way?
Watson: No, my dear fellow- in my way.
Holmes: Well, I can't possibly leave you.
Watson: Yes, you can, Watson. And you will, for you have never failed to play the game. I am sure you will play it to the end. This man has come for his own purpose, but he may stay for mine. Take a cab to Scotland Yard and give this to Youghal of the C. I. D. Come back with the police. The fellow's arrest will follow.
Watson: I'll do that with joy.
Holmes: Before you return I may have just time enough to find out where the stone is. I think we will go out through the bedroom. This second exit is exceedingly useful. I rather want to see my shark without his seeing me, and I have, as you will remember, my own way of doing it.
###
Billy: It was, therefore, an empty room into which Billy, a minute later, ushered Count Sylvius.
Narrator: The famous game-shot, sportsman, and man-about-town was a big, swarthy fellow, with a formidable dark moustache shading a cruel, thin-lipped mouth, and surmounted by a long, curved nose like the beak of an eagle. He was well dressed, but his brilliant necktie, shining pin, and glittering rings were flamboyant in their effect. As the door closed behind him he looked round him with fierce, startled eyes, like one who suspects a trap at every turn. Then he gave a violent start as he saw the impassive head and the collar of the dressing-gown which projected above the armchair in the window. At first his expression was one of pure amazement. Then the light of a horrible hope gleamed in his dark, murderous eyes. He took one more glance round to see that there were no witnesses, and then, on tiptoe, his thick stick half raised, he approached the silent figure. He was crouching for his final spring and blow when a cool, sardonic voice greeted him from the open bedroom door: "Don't break it, Count! Don't break it!"
Holmes: It's a pretty little thing, Tavernier, the French modeller, made it. He is as good at waxworks as your friend Straubenzee is at air-guns.
Count Sylvius: Air-guns, sir! What do you mean?
Holmes: Put your hat and stick on the side-table. Thank you! Pray take a seat. Would you care to put your revolver out also? Oh, very good, if you prefer to sit upon it. Your visit is really most opportune, for I wanted badly to have a few minutes' chat with you.
Count Sylvius: The Count scowled, with heavy, threatening eyebrows.
###
Count Sylvius: I, too, wished to have some words with you, Holmes. That is why I am here. I won't deny that I intended to assault you just now.
Holmes: I rather gathered that you had some idea of the sort in your head. But why these personal attentions?
Count Sylvius: Because you have gone out of your way to annoy me. Because you have put your creatures upon my track.
Holmes: My creatures! I assure you no!
Count Sylvius: Nonsense! I have had them followed. Two can play at that game, Holmes.
Holmes: It is a small point, Count Sylvius, but perhaps you would kindly give me my prefix when you address me. You can understand that, with my routine of work, I should find myself on familiar terms with half the rogues' gallery, and you will agree that exceptions are invidious.
Count Sylvius: Well, Mr. Holmes, then.
Holmes: Excellent! But I assure you you are mistaken about my alleged agents.
Count Sylvius: Other people can observe as well as you. Yesterday there was an old sporting man. To-day it was an elderly woman. They held me in view all day.
Holmes: Holmes shrugged his shoulders. "You can see in the corner the parasol which you so politely handed to me in the Minories before you began to suspect."
Count Sylvius: If I had known, you might never-- Have seen this humble home again. I was well aware of it. We all have neglected opportunities to deplore. As it happens, you did not know, so here we are!
Count Sylvius: What you say only makes the matter worse. It was not your agents but your play-acting, busybody self! You admit that you have dogged me. Why?
Holmes: Come now, Count. You used to shoot lions in Algeria.
Count Sylvius: Well? But why? The sport- the excitement-
###
Holmes: Come now, Count. You used to shoot lions in Algeria.
Count Sylvius: Well?
Holmes: But why?
Count Sylvius: Why? The sport- the excitement- the danger!
Holmes: And, no doubt, to free the country from a pest?
Count Sylvius: Exactly! My reasons in a nutshell!
Holmes: Sit down, sir, sit down! There was another, more practical, reason. I want that yellow diamond!
Count Sylvius: Upon my word!
Holmes: You knew that I was after you for that. The real reason why you are here to-night is to find out how much I know about the matter and how far my removal is absolutely essential. Well, I should say that, from your point of view, it is absolutely essential, for I know all about it, save only one thing, which you are about to tell me.
Count Sylvius: Oh, indeed! And pray, what is this missing fact?
Holmes: Where the Crown diamond now is.
Count Sylvius: Oh, you want to know that, do you? How the devil should I be able to tell you where it is?
Holmes: You can, and you will.
Count Sylvius: Indeed!
Holmes: You can't bluff me, Count Sylvius. You are absolute plate-glass. I see to the very back of your mind.
Count Sylvius: Then, of course, you see where the diamond is!
Holmes: Then you do know. You have admitted it!
Count Sylvius: I admit nothing.
Holmes: Now, Count, if you will be reasonable we can do business. If not, you will get hurt.
Count Sylvius: And you talk about bluff!
Holmes: Do you know what I keep in this book?
Count Sylvius: No, sir, I do not!
Holmes: You!
Count Sylvius: Me!
Holmes: Yes, sir, you! You are all here--every action of your vile and dangerous life.
###
Holmes: Do you know what I keep in this book?
Count: No, sir, I do not!
Holmes: You!
Count: Me!
Holmes: Yes, sir, you! You are all here--every action of your vile and dangerous life.
Count: Damn you, Holmes! There are limits to my patience!
Holmes: It's all here, Count. The real facts as to the death of old Mrs. Harold, who left you the Blymer estate, which you so rapidly gambled away.
Count: You are dreaming!
Holmes: And the complete life history of Miss Minnie Warrender.
Count: Tut! You will make nothing of that!
Holmes: Plenty more here, Count. Here is the robbery in the train de-luxe to the Riviera on February 13, 1892. Here is the forged check in the same year on the Credit Lyonnais.
Count: No; you're wrong there.
Holmes: Then I am right on the others! Now, Count, you are a card-player. When the other fellow has all the trumps, it saves time to throw down your hand.
Count: What has all this talk to do with the jewel of which you spoke?
Holmes: Gently, Count. Restrain that eager mind! Let me get to the points in my own humdrum fashion. I have all this against you; but, above all, I have a clear case against both you and your fighting bully in the case of the Crown diamond.
Count: Indeed!
Holmes: I have the cabman who took you to Whitehall and the cabman who brought you away. I have the commissionaire who saw you near the case. I have Ikey Sanders, who refused to cut it up for you. Ikey has peached, and the game is up.
Count: The veins stood out on the Count's forehead. His dark, hairy hands were clenched in a convulsion of restrained emotion. He tried to speak, but the words would not shape themselves.
Holmes: That's the hand I play from. I put it all upon the table. But one card is missing. It's the king of diamonds. I don't know where the stone is.
Count: You never shall know.
###
Holmes: That's the hand I play from. I put it all upon the table. But one card is missing. It's the king of diamonds. I don't know where the stone is.
Count: You never shall know.
Holmes: No? Now, be reasonable, Count. Consider the situation. You are going to be locked up for twenty years. So is Sam Merton. What good are you going to get out of your diamond? None in the world. But if you hand it over--well, I'll compound a felony. We don't want you or Sam. We want the stone. Give that up, and so far as I am concerned you can go free so long as you behave yourself in the future. If you make another slip--well, it will be the last. But this time my commission is to get the stone, not you.
Count: But if I refuse?
Holmes: Why, then--alas!--it must be you and not the stone.
Holmes: I think, Count, that it would be as well to have your friend Sam at this conference. After all, his interests should be represented. Billy, you will see a large and ugly gentleman outside the front door. Ask him to come up.
Billy: If he won't come, sir?
Holmes: No violence, Billy. Don't be rough with him. If you tell him that Count Sylvius wants him he will certainly come.
Count: What are you going to do now?
Holmes: My friend Watson was with me just now. I told him that I had a shark and a gudgeon in my net; now I am drawing the net and up they come together.
Count: You won't die in your bed, Holmes.
Holmes: I have often had the same idea. Does it matter very much? After all, Count, your own exit is more likely to be perpendicular than horizontal. But these anticipations of the future are morbid. Why not give ourselves up to the unrestrained enjoyment of the present?
Count: A sudden wild-beast light sprang up in the dark, menacing eyes of the master criminal. Holmes's figure seemed to grow taller as he grew tense and ready.
###
Holmes: It is no use your fingering your revolver, my friend. You know perfectly well that you dare not use it, even if I gave you time to draw it. Nasty, noisy things, revolvers, Count. Better stick to air-guns. Ah! I think I hear the fairy footstep of your estimable partner. Good day, Mr. Merton. Rather dull in the street, is it not?
Merton: What's the game now, Count? What's this fellow want? What's up?
Merton: Is this cove trying to be funny, or what? I'm not in the funny mood myself.
Holmes: If I may put it in a nutshell, Mr. Merton, I should say it was all up.
Holmes: Now, look here, Count Sylvius. I'm a busy man and I can't waste time. I'm going into that bedroom. Pray make yourselves quite at home in my absence. You can explain to your friend how the matter lies without the restraint of my presence. I shall try over the Hoffman 'Barcarole' upon my violin. In five minutes I shall return for your final answer. You quite grasp the alternative, do you not? Shall we take you, or shall we have the stone?
###
Holmes: I wonder you dare carry it.
Count Sylvius: Where could I have it safer? If we could take it out of Whitehall someone else could surely take it out of my lodgings.
Holmes: Let's have a look at it.
Count Sylvius: What--d'ye think I'm going to snatch it off you? See here, mister, I'm getting a bit tired of your ways.
Holmes: Well, well, no offence, Sam. We can't afford to quarrel. Come over to the window if you want to see the beauty properly. Now hold it to the light! Here!
Count Sylvius: Thank you!
Holmes: No violence, gentlemen--no violence, I beg of you! Consider the furniture! It must be very clear to you that your position is an impossible one. The police are waiting below.
Count Sylvius: But how the deuce-?
Holmes: Your surprise is very natural. You are not aware that a second door from my bedroom leads behind that curtain. I fancied that you must have heard me when I displaced the figure, but luck was on my side. It gave me a chance of listening to your racy conversation which would have been painfully constrained had you been aware of my presence.
Count Sylvius: We give you best, Holmes. I believe you are the devil himself.
Holmes: Not far from him, at any rate.
Sam Merton: A fair cop! But, I say, what about that bloomin' fiddle! I hear it yet.
###
Sam Merton: A fair cop! But, I say, what about that bloomin' fiddle! I hear it yet.
Holmes: Tut, tut! You are perfectly right. Let it play! These modern gramophones are a remarkable invention.
Watson: congratulating him upon this fresh leaf added to his laurels.
Billy: Lord Cantlemere, sir.
Holmes: How do you do, Lord Cantlemere? It is chilly for the time of year, but rather warm indoors. May I take your overcoat?
Lord Cantlemere: No, I thank you; I will not take it off.
Holmes: Pray allow me! My friend Dr. Watson would assure you that these changes of temperature are most insidious.
Lord Cantlemere: I am quite comfortable, sir. I have no need to stay. I have simply looked in to know how your self-appointed task was progressing.
Holmes: It is difficult- very difficult.
Lord Cantlemere: I feared that you would find it so.
Holmes: Every man finds his limitations, Mr. Holmes, but at least it cures us of the weakness of self-satisfaction.
Holmes: Yes, sir, I have been much perplexed.
###
Lord Cantlemere: Every man finds his limitations, Mr. Holmes, but at least it cures us of the weakness of self-satisfaction.
Holmes: Yes, sir, I have been much perplexed.
Lord Cantlemere: Especially upon one point. Possibly you could help me upon it?
Holmes: You apply for my advice rather late in the day. I thought that you had your own all-sufficient methods. Still, I am ready to help you.
Lord Cantlemere: You see, Lord Cantlemere, we can no doubt frame a case against the actual thieves.
Holmes: When you have caught them.
Lord Cantlemere: Exactly. But the question is--how shall we proceed against the receiver?
Holmes: Is this not rather premature?
Lord Cantlemere: It is as well to have our plans ready. Now, what would you regard as final evidence against the receiver?
Holmes: The actual possession of the stone.
Lord Cantlemere: You would arrest him upon that?
Holmes: Most undoubtedly.
Holmes: In that case, my dear sir, I shall be under the painful necessity of advising your arrest.
Lord Cantlemere: You take a great liberty, Mr. Holmes. In fifty years of official life I cannot recall such a case. I am a busy man, sir, engaged upon important affairs, and I have no time or taste for foolish jokes. I may tell you frankly, sir, that I have never been a believer in your powers, and that I have always been of the opinion that the matter was far safer in the hands of the regular police force. Your conduct confirms all my conclusions. I have the honour, sir, to wish you good-evening.
Holmes: One moment, sir. To actually go off with the Mazarin stone would be a more serious offence than to be found in temporary possession of it.
Lord Cantlemere: Sir, this is intolerable! Let me pass.
Holmes: Put your hand in the right-hand pocket of your overcoat.
Lord Cantlemere: What do you mean, sir?
Holmes: Come--come, do what I ask.
###
Holmes: Put your hand in the right-hand pocket of your overcoat.
Peer: What do you mean, sir?
Holmes: Come--come, do what I ask.
Peer: What! What! How is this, Mr. Holmes?
Holmes: Too bad, Lord Cantlemere, too bad! My old friend here will tell you that I have an impish habit of practical joking. Also that I can never resist a dramatic situation. I took the liberty--the very great liberty, I admit--of putting the stone into your pocket at the beginning of our interview.
Peer: Sir, I am bewildered. But--yes--it is indeed the Mazarin stone. We are greatly your debtors, Mr. Holmes. Your sense of humour may, as you admit, be somewhat perverted, and its exhibition remarkably untimely, but at least I withdraw any reflection I have made upon your amazing professional powers. But how--
Holmes: The case is but half finished; the details can wait. No doubt, Lord Cantlemere, your pleasure in telling of this successful result in the exalted circle to which you return will be some small atonement for my practical joke. Billy, you will show his Lordship out, and tell Mrs. Hudson that I should be glad if she would send up dinner for two as soon as possible.
Watson: THE ADVENTURE OF THE THREE GABLES I don't think that any of my adventures with Mr. Sherlock Holmes opened quite so abruptly, or so dramatically, as that which I associate with The Three Gables. I had not seen Holmes for some days and had no idea of the new channel into which his activities had been directed. He was in a chatty mood that morning, however, and had just settled me into the well-worn low armchair on one side of the fire, while he had curled down with his pipe in his mouth upon the opposite chair, when our visitor arrived. If I had said that a mad bull had arrived it would give a clearer impression of what occurred.
###
Steve Dixie: Which of you gen'l'men is Masser Holmes?
Holmes: Oh! it's you, is it? See here, Masser Holmes, you keep your hands out of other folks' business. Leave folks to manage their own affairs. Got that, Masser Holmes?
Holmes: Keep on talking. It's fine.
Steve Dixie: Oh! it's fine, is it? It won't be so damn fine if I have to trim you up a bit. I've handled your kind before now, and they didn't look fine when I was through with them. Look at that, Masser Holmes!
Holmes: Were you born so? Or did it come by degrees?
Steve Dixie: Well, I've given you fair warnin'. I've a friend that's interested out Harrow way--you know what I'm meaning--and he don't intend to have no buttin' in by you. Got that? You ain't the law, and I ain't the law either, and if you come in I'll be on hand also. Don't you forget it.
Holmes: I've wanted to meet you for some time. I won't ask you to sit down, for I don't like the smell of you, but aren't you Steve Dixie, the bruiser?
Steve Dixie: That's my name, Masser Holmes, and you'll get put through it for sure if you give me any lip.
###
Steve: That's my name, Masser Holmes, and you'll get put through it for sure if you give me any lip.
Holmes: It is certainly the last thing you need. But it was the killing of young Perkins outside the Holborn Bar-- What! you're not going?
Steve: I won't listen to no such talk. What have I to do with this 'ere Perkins, Masser Holmes? I was trainin' at the Bull Ring in Birmingham when this boy done gone get into trouble.
Holmes: Yes, you'll tell the magistrate about it, Steve. I've been watching you and Barney Stockdale--
Steve: So help me the Lord! Masser Holmes--
Holmes: That's enough. Get out of it. I'll pick you up when I want you.
Steve: Good-mornin', Masser Holmes. I hope there ain't no hard feelin's about this 'ere visit?
Holmes: There will be unless you tell me who sent you.
Steve: Why, there ain't no secret about that, Masser Holmes. It was that same gen'l'man that you have just done gone mention.
Holmes: And who set him on to it?
Steve: S'elp me. I don't know, Masser Holmes. He just say, 'Steve, you go see Mr. Holmes, and tell him his life ain't safe if he go down Harrow way.' That's the whole truth.
Holmes: I am glad you were not forced to break his woolly head, Watson. I observed your manoeuvres with the poker. But he is really rather a harmless fellow, a great muscular, foolish, blustering baby, and easily cowed, as you have seen. He is one of the Spencer John gang and has taken part in some dirty work of late which I may clear up when I have time. His immediate principal, Barney, is a more astute person. They specialize in assaults, intimidation, and the like. What I want to know is, who is at the back of them on this particular occasion?
Watson: But why do they want to intimidate you?
###
Watson: But why do they want to intimidate you?
Holmes: It is this Harrow Weald case. It decides me to look into the matter, for if it is worth anyone's while to take so much trouble, there must be something in it.
Watson: But what is it?
Holmes: I was going to tell you when we had this comic interlude. Here is Mrs. Maberley's note. If you care to come with me we will wire her and go out at once.
Mrs. Maberley: Dear Mr. Sherlock Holmes: I have had a succession of strange incidents occur to me in connection with this house, and I should much value your advice. You would find me at home any time tomorrow. The house is within a short walk of the Weald Station. I believe that my late husband, Mortimer Maberley, was one of your early clients. Yours faithfully, Mary Maberley
Holmes: So that's that! And now, if you can spare the time, Watson, we will get upon our way.
-: A short railway journey, and a shorter drive, brought us to the house, a brick and timber villa, standing in its own acre of undeveloped grassland. Three small projections above the upper windows made a feeble attempt to justify its name. Behind was a grove of melancholy, half-grown pines, and the whole aspect of the place was poor and depressing. None the less, we found the house to be well furnished, and the lady who received us was a most engaging elderly person, who bore every mark of refinement and culture.
Mrs. Maberley: I remember your husband well, madam, though it is some years since he used my services in some trifling matter.
Mrs. Maberley: Probably you would be more familiar with the name of my son Douglas.
Holmes: Dear me! Are you the mother of Douglas Maberley? I knew him slightly. But of course all London knew him. What a magnificent creature he was! Where is he now?
Mrs. Maberley: Dead, Mr. Holmes, dead! He was attache at Rome, and he died there of pneumonia last month.
###
Holmes: Dear me! Are you the mother of Douglas Maberley? I knew him slightly. But of course all London knew him. What a magnificent creature he was! Where is he now?
Mrs. Maberley: Dead, Mr. Holmes, dead! He was attache at Rome, and he died there of pneumonia last month.
Holmes: I am sorry. One could not connect death with such a man. I have never known anyone so vitally alive. He lived intensely--every fibre of him!
Mrs. Maberley: Too intensely, Mr. Holmes. That was the ruin of him. You remember him as he was--debonair and splendid. You did not see the moody, morose, brooding creature into which he developed. His heart was broken. In a single month I seemed to see my gallant boy turn into a worn-out cynical man.
Holmes: A love affair- a woman?
Mrs. Maberley: Or a fiend. Well, it was not to talk of my poor lad that I asked you to come, Mr. Holmes.
Holmes: Dr. Watson and I are at your service.
Mrs. Maberley: There have been some very strange happenings. I have been in this house more than a year now, and as I wished to lead a retired life I have seen little of my neighbours. Three days ago I had a call from a man who said that he was a house agent. He said that this house would exactly suit a client of his, and that if I would part with it money would be no object. It seemed to me very strange as there are several empty houses on the market which appear to be equally eligible, but naturally I was interested in what he said. I therefore named a price which was five hundred pounds more than I gave. He at once closed with the offer, but added that his client desired to buy the furniture as well and would I put a price upon it. Some of this furniture is from my old home, and it is, as you see, very good, so that I named a good round sum. To this also he at once agreed. I had always wanted to travel, and the bargain was so good a one that it really seemed that I should be my own mistress for the rest of my life.
###
Mrs. Maberley: Yesterday the man arrived with the agreement all drawn out. Luckily I showed it to Mr. Sutro, my lawyer, who lives in Harrow. He said to me, 'This is a very strange document. Are you aware that if you sign it you could not legally take anything out of the house--not even your own private possessions?' When the man came again in the evening I pointed this out, and I said that I meant only to sell the furniture. 'No, no, everything,' said he. 'But my clothes? My jewels?' 'Well, well, some concession might be made for your personal effects. But nothing shall go out of the house unchecked. My client is a very liberal man, but he has his fads and his own way of doing things. It is everything or nothing with him.' 'Then it must be nothing,' said I. And there the matter was left, but the whole thing seemed to me to be so unusual that I thought--
Holmes: Leave me alone! What are you a-doin' of? Why, Susan, what is this? Well, ma'am, I was comin' in to ask if the visitors was stayin' for lunch when this man jumped out at me. I have been listening to her for the last five minutes, but did not wish to interrupt your most interesting narrative. Just a little wheezy, Susan, are you not? You breathe too heavily for that kind of work. Who be you, anyhow, and what right have you a-pullin' me about like this? It was merely that I wished to ask a question in your presence. Did you, Mrs. Maberley, mention to anyone that you were going to write to me and consult me? No, Mr. Holmes, I did not. Who posted your letter? Susan did.
###
Holmes: It was merely that I wished to ask a question in your presence. Did you, Mrs. Maberley, mention to anyone that you were going to write to me and consult me?
Mrs. Maberley: No, Mr. Holmes, I did not.
Holmes: Who posted your letter?
Susan: Susan did.
Holmes: Exactly. Now, Susan, to whom was it that you wrote or sent a message to say that your mistress was asking advice from me?
Susan: It's a lie. I sent no message.
Holmes: Now, Susan, wheezy people may not live long, you know. It's a wicked thing to tell fibs. Whom did you tell?
Mrs. Maberley: Susan! I believe you are a bad, treacherous woman. I remember now that I saw you speaking to someone over the hedge.
Susan: That was my own business.
Holmes: Suppose I tell you that it was Barney Stockdale to whom you spoke?
Susan: Well, if you know, what do you want to ask for?
Holmes: I was not sure, but I know now. Well now, Susan, it will be worth ten pounds to you if you will tell me who is at the back of Barney.
Susan: Someone that could lay down a thousand pounds for every ten you have in the world.
Holmes: So, a rich man? No; you smiled--a rich woman. Now we have got so far, you may as well give the name and earn the tenner.
Susan: I'll see you in hell first.
Holmes: Oh, Susan! Language!
Susan: I am clearing out of here. I've had enough of you all. I'll send for my box to-morrow.
Holmes: Good-bye, Susan. Paregoric is the stuff... Now, this gang means business. Look how close they play the game. Your letter to me had the 10 P. M. postmark. And yet Susan passes the word to Barney. Barney has time to go to his employer and get instructions; he or she--I incline to the latter from Susan's grin when she thought I had blundered--forms a plan. Black Steve is called in, and I am warned off by eleven o'clock next morning. That's quick work, you know.
Mrs. Maberley: But what do they want?
Holmes: Yes, that's the question. Who had the house before you?
###
Holmes: But what do they want?
Watson: Yes, that's the question. Who had the house before you?
Mrs. Maberley: A retired sea captain called Ferguson.
Holmes: Anything remarkable about him?
Mrs. Maberley: Not that ever I heard of.
Holmes: I was wondering whether he could have buried something. Of course, when people bury treasure nowadays they do it in the Post-Office bank. But there are always some lunatics about. It would be a dull world without them. At first I thought of some buried valuable. But why, in that case, should they want your furniture? You don't happen to have a Raphael or a first folio Shakespeare without knowing it?
Mrs. Maberley: No, I don't think I have anything rarer than a Crown Derby tea-set.
Holmes: That would hardly justify all this mystery. Besides, why should they not openly state what they want? If they covet your tea-set, they can surely offer a price for it without buying you out, lock, stock, and barrel. No, as I read it, there is something which you do not know that you have, and which you would not give up if you did know.
Mrs. Maberley: That is how I read it.
Holmes: Dr. Watson agrees, so that settles it.
Mrs. Maberley: Well, Mr. Holmes, what can it be?
Holmes: Let us see whether by this purely mental analysis we can get it to a finer point. You have been in this house a year.
Mrs. Maberley: Nearly two.
Holmes: All the better. During this long period no one wants anything from you. Now suddenly within three or four days you have urgent demands. What would you gather from that?
Mrs. Maberley: It can only mean that the object, whatever it may be, has only just come into the house.
Holmes: Settled once again. Now, Mrs. Maberley, has any object just arrived?
Mrs. Maberley: No, I have bought nothing new this year.
Holmes: Indeed! That is very remarkable. Well, I think we had best let matters develop a little further until we have clearer data. Is that lawyer of yours a capable man?
Mrs. Maberley: Mr. Sutro is most capable.
Holmes: Have you another maid, or was the fair Susan, who has just banged your front door, alone?
Mrs. Maberley: I have a young girl.
###
Holmes: Mr. Sutro is most capable.
Watson: Have you another maid, or was the fair Susan, who has just banged your front door, alone?
Holmes: I have a young girl.
Holmes: Try and get Sutro to spend a night or two in the house. You might possibly want protection.
Watson: Against whom?
Holmes: Who knows? The matter is certainly obscure. If I can't find what they are after, I must approach the matter from the other end and try to get at the principal. Did this house-agent man give any address?
Watson: Simply his card and occupation. Haines-Johnson, Auctioneer and Valuer.
Holmes: I don't think we shall find him in the directory. Honest business men don't conceal their place of business. Well, you will let me know any fresh development. I have taken up your case, and you may rely upon it that I shall see it through.
Holmes: Delay no longer, Mrs. Maberley. Have these things taken upstairs to your bedroom. Examine them as soon as possible and see what they contain. I will come tomorrow and hear your report.
Holmes: Lookin' for your gun, Masser Holmes?
Watson: No, for my scent bottle, Steve.
Steve: You are funny, Masser Holmes, ain't you?
###
Steve: Lookin' for your gun, Masser Holmes?
Holmes: No, for my scent bottle, Steve.
Steve: You are funny, Masser Holmes, ain't you?
Holmes: It won't be funny for you, Steve, if I get after you. I gave you fair warning this morning.
Steve: Well, Masser Holmes, I done gone think over what you said, and I don't want no more talk about that affair of Masser Perkins. S'pose I can help you, Masser Holmes, I will.
Holmes: Well, then, tell me who is behind you on this job.
Steve: So help me the Lord! Masser Holmes, I told you the truth before. I don't know. My boss Barney gives me orders and that's all.
Holmes: Well, just bear in mind, Steve, that the lady in that house, and everything under that roof, is under my protection. Don't forget it.
Holmes: I've got him thoroughly frightened for his own skin, Watson. I think he would double-cross his employer if he knew who he was. It was lucky I had some knowledge of the Spencer John crowd, and that Steve was one of them. Now, Watson, this is a case for Langdale Pike, and I am going to see him now. When I get back I may be clearer in the matter.
Holmes: I saw no more of Holmes during the day, but I could well imagine how he spent it, for Langdale Pike was his human book of reference upon all matters of social scandal. This strange, languid creature spent his waking hours in the bow window of a St. James's Street club and was the receiving-station as well as the transmitter for all the gossip of the metropolis. He made, it was said, a four-figure income by the paragraphs which he contributed every week to the garbage papers which cater to an inquisitive public. If ever, far down in the turbid depths of London life, there was some strange swirl or eddy, it was marked with automatic exactness by this human dial upon the surface. Holmes discreetly helped Langdale to knowledge, and on occasion was helped in turn.
###
Watson: Please come out at once. Client's house burgled in the night. Police in possession. Sutro.
Holmes: The drama has come to a crisis, and quicker than I had expected. There is a great driving-power at the back of this business, Watson, which does not surprise me after what I have heard. This Sutro, of course, is her lawyer. I made a mistake, I fear, in not asking you to spend the night on guard. This fellow has clearly proved a broken reed. Well, there is nothing for it but another journey to Harrow Weald.
Lawyer: Well, Mr. Holmes, no chance for you in this case, I'm afraid. Just a common, ordinary burglary, and well within the capacity of the poor old police. No experts need apply.
Holmes: I am sure the case is in very good hands. Merely a common burglary, you say?
Lawyer: Quite so. We know pretty well who the men are and where to find them. It is that gang of Barney Stockdale, with the big nigger in it--they've been seen about here.
Holmes: Excellent! What did they get?
Lawyer: Well, they don't seem to have got much. Mrs. Maberley was chloroformed and the house was-- Ah! here is the lady herself.
Mrs. Maberley: You gave me good advice, Mr. Holmes. Alas, I did not take it! I did not wish to trouble Mr. Sutro, and so I was unprotected.
###
Lady: You gave me good advice, Mr. Holmes. Alas, I did not take it! I did not wish to trouble Mr. Sutro, and so I was unprotected.
Lawyer: I only heard of it this morning.
Lady: Mr. Holmes advised me to have some friend in the house. I neglected his advice, and I have paid for it.
Holmes: You look wretchedly ill. Perhaps you are hardly equal to telling me what occurred.
Inspector: It is all here.
Holmes: Still, if the lady is not too exhausted--
Inspector: There is really so little to tell. I have no doubt that wicked Susan had planned an entrance for them. They must have known the house to an inch. I was conscious for a moment of the chloroform rag which was thrust over my mouth, but I have no notion how long I may have been senseless. When I woke, one man was at the bedside and another was rising with a bundle in his hand from among my son's baggage, which was partially opened and littered over the floor. Before he could get away I sprang up and seized him.
Inspector: You took a big risk.
Lady: I clung to him, but he shook me off, and the other may have struck me, for I can remember no more. Mary the maid heard the noise and began screaming out of the window. That brought the police, but the rascals had got away.
Holmes: What did they take?
Lady: Well, I don't think there is anything of value missing. I am sure there was nothing in my son's trunks.
Holmes: Did the men leave no clue?
Lady: There was one sheet of paper which I may have torn from the man that I grasped. It was lying all crumpled on the floor. It is in my son's handwriting.
Inspector: Which means that it is not of much use. Now if it had been in the burglar's--
Holmes: Exactly. What rugged common sense! None the less, I should be curious to see it.
###
Holmes: Exactly, What rugged common sense! None the less, I should be curious to see it.
Inspector: I never pass anything, however trifling, That is my advice to you, Mr. Holmes. In twenty-five years' experience I have learned my lesson. There is always the chance of finger-marks or something.
Holmes: What do you make of it, Inspector?
Inspector: Seems to be the end of some queer novel, so far as I can see.
Holmes: It may certainly prove to be the end of a queer tale, You have noticed the number on the top of the page. It is two hundred and forty-five. Where are the odd two hundred and forty-four pages?
Inspector: Well, I suppose the burglars got those. Much good may it do them!
Holmes: It seems a queer thing to break into a house in order to steal such papers as that. Does it suggest anything to you, Inspector?
Inspector: Yes, sir, it suggests that in their hurry the rascals just grabbed at what came first to hand. I wish them joy of what they got.
Mrs. Maberley: Why should they go to my son's things?
Inspector: Well, they found nothing valuable downstairs, so they tried their luck upstairs. That is how I read it. What do you make of it, Mr. Holmes?
Holmes: I must think it over, Inspector. Come to the window, Watson.
Holmes: ... face bled considerably from the cuts and blows, but it was nothing to the bleeding of his heart as he saw that lovely face, the face for which he had been prepared to sacrifice his very life, looking out at his agony and humiliation. She smiled--yes, by Heaven! she smiled, like the heartless fiend she was, as he looked up at her. It was at that moment that love died and hate was born. Man must live for something. If it is not for your embrace, my lady, then it shall surely be for your undoing and my complete revenge.
###
Holmes: Queer grammar! Did you notice how the 'he' suddenly changed to 'my'? The writer was so carried away by his own story that he imagined himself at the supreme moment to be the hero.
Inspector: It seemed mighty poor stuff. What! are you off, Mr. Holmes?
Holmes: I don't think there is anything more for me to do now that the case is in such capable hands. By the way, Mrs. Maberley, did you say you wished to travel?
Mrs. Maberley: It has always been my dream, Mr. Holmes.
Holmes: Where would you like to go--Cairo, Madeira, the Riviera?
Mrs. Maberley: Oh, if I had the money I would go round the world.
Holmes: Quite so. Round the world. Well, good-morning. I may drop you a line in the evening.
Holmes: Now, Watson, we are at the last lap of our little journey. I think we had best clear the matter up at once, and it would be well that you should come with me, for it is safer to have a witness when you are dealing with such a lady as Isadora Klein.
Holmes: By the way, Watson, I suppose you see it all clearly?
Watson: No, I can't say that I do. I only gather that we are going to see the lady who is behind all this mischief.
###
Holmes: By the way, Watson, I suppose you see it all clearly?
Watson: No, I can't say that I do. I only gather that we are going to see the lady who is behind all this mischief.
Holmes: Exactly! But does the name Isadora Klein convey nothing to you? She was, of course, the celebrated beauty. There was never a woman to touch her. She is pure Spanish, the real blood of the masterful Conquistadors, and her people have been leaders in Pernambuco for generations. She married the aged German sugar king, Klein, and presently found herself the richest as well as the most lovely widow upon earth. Then there was an interval of adventure when she pleased her own tastes. She had several lovers, and Douglas Maberley, one of the most striking men in London, was one of them. It was by all accounts more than an adventure with him. He was not a society butterfly but a strong, proud man who gave and expected all. But she is the 'belle dame sans merci' of fiction. When her caprice is satisfied the matter is ended, and if the other party in the matter can't take her word for it she knows how to bring it home to him.
Watson: Then that was his own story--
Holmes: Ah! you are piecing it together now. I hear that she is about to marry the young Duke of Lomond, who might almost be her son. His Grace's ma might overlook the age, but a big scandal would be a different matter, so it is imperative-- Ah! here we are.
Holmes: Not at home means not at home to you. Good. That means that we shall not have to wait. Kindly give this note to your mistress.
Watson: What did you say, Holmes?
Holmes: I simply wrote: 'Shall it be the police, then?' I think that should pass us in.
###
Holmes: Shall it be the police, then? I think that should pass us in.
Watson: What did you say, Holmes?
Lady: What is this intrusion--and this insulting message?
Holmes: I need not explain, madame. I have too much respect for your intelligence to do so--though I confess that intelligence has been surprisingly at fault of late.
Lady: How so, sir?
Holmes: By supposing that your hired bullies could frighten me from my work. Surely no man would take up my profession if it were not that danger attracts him. It was you, then, who forced me to examine the case of young Maberley.
Lady: I have no idea what you are talking about. What have I to do with hired bullies?
Holmes: Yes, I have underrated your intelligence. Well, good-afternoon!
Lady: Stop! Where are you going?
Holmes: To Scotland Yard.
Lady: Come and sit down, gentlemen. Let us talk this matter over. I feel that I may be frank with you, Mr. Holmes. You have the feelings of a gentleman. How quick a woman's instinct is to find it out. I will treat you as a friend.
Holmes: I cannot promise to reciprocate, madame. I am not the law, but I represent justice so far as my feeble powers go. I am ready to listen, and then I will tell you how I will act.
Lady: No doubt it was foolish of me to threaten a brave man like yourself.
###
Holmes: I cannot promise to reciprocate, madame. I am not the law, but I represent justice so far as my feeble powers go. I am ready to listen, and then I will tell you how I will act.
Madame: No doubt it was foolish of me to threaten a brave man like yourself.
Holmes: What was really foolish, madame, is that you have placed yourself in the power of a band of rascals who may blackmail or give you away.
Madame: No, no! I am not so simple. Since I have promised to be frank, I may say that no one, save Barney Stockdale and Susan, his wife, have the least idea who their employer is. As to them, well, it is not the first-- She smiled and nodded with a charming coquettish intimacy.
Holmes: I see. You've tested them before.
Madame: They are good hounds who run silent.
Holmes: Such hounds have a way sooner or later of biting the hand that feeds them. They will be arrested for this burglary. The police are already after them.
Madame: They will take what comes to them. That is what they are paid for. I shall not appear in the matter.
Holmes: Unless I bring you into it.
Madame: No, no, you would not. You are a gentleman. It is a woman's secret.
Holmes: In the first place, you must give back this manuscript.
Madame: Shall I give this back? she asked. 
Holmes: That seals your fate, he said coldly. You are very prompt in your actions, madame, but you have overdone it on this occasion.
Madame: How hard you are! May I tell you the whole story?
Holmes: I fancy I could tell it to you.
###
Unknown: How hard you are! May I tell you the whole story?
Holmes: I fancy I could tell it to you.
Unknown: But you must look at it with my eyes, Mr. Holmes. You must realize it from the point of view of a woman who sees all her life's ambition about to be ruined at the last moment. Is such a woman to be blamed if she protects herself?
Holmes: The original sin was yours.
Unknown: Yes, yes! I admit it. He was a dear boy, Douglas, but it so chanced that he could not fit into my plans. He wanted marriage--marriage, Mr. Holmes--with a penniless commoner. Nothing less would serve him. Then he became pertinacious. Because I had given he seemed to think that I still must give, and to him only. It was intolerable. At last I had to make him realize it.
Holmes: By hiring ruffians to beat him under your own window.
Unknown: You do indeed seem to know everything. Well, it is true. Barney and the boys drove him away, and were, I admit, a little rough in doing so. But what did he do then? Could I have believed that a gentleman would do such an act? He wrote a book in which he described his own story. I, of course, was the wolf; he the lamb. It was all there, under different names, of course; but who in all London would have failed to recognize it? What do you say to that, Mr. Holmes?
Holmes: Well, he was within his rights.
Unknown: It was as if the air of Italy had got into his blood and brought with it the old cruel Italian spirit. He wrote to me and sent me a copy of his book that I might have the torture of anticipation. There were two copies, he said--one for me, one for his publisher.
Unknown: How did you know the publisher's had not reached him?
###
Holmes: How did you know the publishers had not reached him?
Watson: I knew who his publisher was. It is not his only novel, you know. I found out that he had not heard from Italy. Then came Douglas's sudden death. So long as that other manuscript was in the world there was no safety for me. Of course, it must be among his effects, and these would be returned to his mother. I set the gang at work. One of them got into the house as a servant. I wanted to do the thing honestly. I really and truly did. I was ready to buy the house and everything in it. I offered any price she cared to ask. I only tried the other way when everything else had failed. Now, Mr. Holmes, granting that I was too hard on Douglas--and, God knows, I am sorry for it!--what else could I do with my whole future at stake?
Holmes: Well, well, I suppose I shall have to compound a felony as usual. How much does it cost to go round the world in first-class style?
Watson: The lady stared in amazement. Could it be done on five thousand pounds?
Holmes: Well, I should think so, indeed!
Watson: Very good. I think you will sign me a check for that, and I will see that it comes to Mrs. Maberley. You owe her a little change of air. Meantime, lady--he wagged a cautionary forefinger--have a care! Have a care! You can't play with edged tools forever without cutting those dainty hands.
Holmes: For a mixture of the modern and the medieval, of the practical and of the wildly fanciful, I think this is surely the limit. What do you make of it, Watson?
###
Holmes: For a mixture of the modern and the mediaeval, of the practical and of the wildly fanciful, I think this is surely the limit. What do you make of it, Watson?
Watson: Matilda Briggs was not the name of a young woman, Watson. It was a ship which is associated with the giant rat of Sumatra, a story for which the world is not yet prepared. But what do we know about vampires? Does it come within our purview either? Anything is better than stagnation, but really we seem to have been switched on to a Grimms' fairy tale. Make a long arm, Watson, and see what V has to say.
###
Watson: Voyage of the Gloria Scott. That was a bad business. I have some recollection that you made a record of it, Watson, though I was unable to congratulate you upon the result. Victor Lynch, the forger. Venomous lizard or gila. Remarkable case, that! Vittoria, the circus belle. Vanderbilt and the Yeggman. Vipers. Vigor, the Hammersmith wonder. Hullo! Hullo! Good old index. You can't beat it. Listen to this, Watson. Vampirism in Hungary. And again, Vampires in Transylvania.
Holmes: Rubbish, Watson, rubbish! What have we to do with walking corpses who can only be held in their grave by stakes driven through their hearts? It's pure lunacy.
Watson: But surely, the vampire was not necessarily a dead man? A living person might have the habit. I have read, for example, of the old sucking the blood of the young in order to retain their youth.
Holmes: You are right, Watson. It mentions the legend in one of these references. But are we to give serious attention to such things? This agency stands flat-footed upon the ground, and there it must remain. The world is big enough for us. No ghosts need apply. I fear that we cannot take Mr. Robert Ferguson very seriously. Possibly this note may be from him and may throw some light upon what is worrying him.
###
Holmes: Cheeseman's, Lamberley. Where is Lamberley, Watson?
Watson: It is in Sussex, south of Horsham.
Holmes: Not very far, eh? And Cheeseman's?
Watson: I know that country, Holmes. It is full of old houses which are named after the men who built them centuries ago. You get Odley's and Harvey's and Carriton's--the folk are forgotten but their names live in their houses.
Holmes: Precisely. I rather fancy we shall know a good deal more about Cheeseman's, Lamberley, before we are through. The letter is, as I had hoped, from Robert Ferguson. By the way, he claims acquaintance with you.
Watson: With me!
Holmes: You had better read it.
###
Robert Ferguson: At last there came one dreadful day when the facts could no longer be concealed from the husband. The nurse's nerve had given way; she could stand the strain no longer, and she made a clean breast of it all to the man. To him it seemed as wild a tale as it may now seem to you. He knew his wife to be a loving wife, and, save for the assaults upon her stepson, a loving mother. Why, then, should she wound her own dear little baby? He told the nurse that she was dreaming, that her suspicions were those of a lunatic, and that such libels upon her mistress were not to be tolerated. While they were talking a sudden cry of pain was heard. Nurse and master rushed together to the nursery. Imagine his feelings, Mr. Holmes, as he saw his wife rise from a kneeling position beside the cot and saw blood upon the child's exposed neck and upon the sheet. With a cry of horror, he turned his wife's face to the light and saw blood all round her lips. It was she--she beyond all question--who had drunk the poor baby's blood. So the matter stands. She is now confined to her room. There has been no explanation. The husband is half demented. He knows, and I know, little of vampirism beyond the name. We had thought it was some wild tale of foreign parts. And yet here in the very heart of the English Sussex--well, all this can be discussed with you in the morning. Will you see me? Will you use your great powers in aiding a distracted man?
Robert Ferguson: If so, kindly wire to Ferguson, Cheeseman's, Lamberley, and I will be at your rooms by ten o'clock. Yours faithfully, Robert Ferguson. P. S. I believe your friend Watson played Rugby for Blackheath when I was three-quarter for Richmond. It is the only personal introduction which I can give.
Watson: Of course I remembered him, Big Bob Ferguson, the finest three-quarter Richmond ever had. He was always a good-natured chap. It's like him to be so concerned over a friend's case.
Holmes: Holmes looked at me thoughtfully and shook his head.
###
Holmes: I never get your limits, Watson. There are unexplored possibilities about you. Take a wire down, like a good fellow. 'Will examine your case with pleasure.'
Watson: Your case!
Holmes: We must not let him think that this agency is a home for the weak-minded. Of course it is his case. Send him that wire and let the matter rest till morning.
Ferguson: Hullo, Watson. You don't look quite the man you did when I threw you over the ropes into the crowd at the Old Deer Park. I expect I have changed a bit also. But it's this last day or two that has aged me. I see by your telegram, Mr. Holmes, that it is no use my pretending to be anyone's deputy.
Holmes: It is simpler to deal direct.
Ferguson: Of course it is. But you can imagine how difficult it is when you are speaking of the one woman whom you are bound to protect and help. What can I do? How am I to go to the police with such a story? And yet the kiddies have got to be protected. Is it madness, Mr. Holmes? Is it something in the blood? Have you any similar case in your experience? For God's sake, give me some advice, for I am at my wit's end.
Holmes: Very naturally, Mr. Ferguson. Now sit here and pull yourself together and give me a few clear answers. I can assure you that I am very far from being at my wit's end, and that I am confident we shall find some solution. First of all, tell me what steps you have taken. Is your wife still near the children?
###
Ferguson: We had a dreadful scene. She is a most loving woman, Mr. Holmes. If ever a woman loved a man with all her heart and soul, she loves me. She was cut to the heart that I should have discovered this horrible, this incredible, secret. She would not even speak. She gave no answer to my reproaches, save to gaze at me with a sort of wild, despairing look in her eyes. Then she rushed to her room and locked herself in. Since then she has refused to see me. She has a maid who was with her before her marriage, Dolores by name--a friend rather than a servant. She takes her food to her.
Holmes: Then the child is in no immediate danger?
Ferguson: Mrs. Mason, the nurse, has sworn that she will not leave it night or day. I can absolutely trust her. I am more uneasy about poor little Jack, for, as I told you in my note, he has twice been assaulted by her.
Holmes: But never wounded?
Ferguson: No, she struck him savagely. It is the more terrible as he is a poor little inoffensive cripple. You would think that the dear lad's condition would soften anyone's heart. A fall in childhood and a twisted spine, Mr. Holmes. But the dearest, most loving heart within.
Holmes: What other inmates are there in your house, Mr. Ferguson?
Ferguson: Two servants who have not been long with us. One stable-hand, Michael, who sleeps in the house. My wife, myself, my boy Jack, baby, Dolores, and Mrs. Mason. That is all.
Holmes: I gather that you did not know your wife well at the time of your marriage?
Ferguson: I had only known her a few weeks.
Holmes: How long had this maid Dolores been with her?
Ferguson: Some years.
Holmes: Then your wife's character would really be better known by Dolores than by you?
Ferguson: Yes, you may say so.
###
Holmes: I had only known her a few weeks. How long had this maid Dolores been with her?
Ferguson: Some years.
Holmes: Then your wife's character would really be better known by Dolores than by you?
Ferguson: Yes, you may say so.
Holmes: I fancy that I may be of more use at Lamberley than here. It is eminently a case for personal investigation. If the lady remains in her room, our presence could not annoy or inconvenience her. Of course, we would stay at the inn.
Ferguson: It is what I hoped, Mr. Holmes. There is an excellent train at two from Victoria if you could come.
Holmes: Of course we could come. There is a lull at present. I can give you my undivided energies. Watson, of course, comes with us. But there are one or two points upon which I wish to be very sure before I start. This unhappy lady, as I understand it, has appeared to assault both the children, her own baby and your little son?
Ferguson: That is so.
Holmes: But the assaults take different forms, do they not? She has beaten your son.
Ferguson: Once with a stick and once very savagely with her hands.
Holmes: Did she give no explanation why she struck him?
Ferguson: None save that she hated him. Again and again she said so.
Holmes: Well, that is not unknown among stepmothers. A posthumous jealousy, we will say. Is the lady jealous by nature?
Ferguson: Yes, she is very jealous--jealous with all the strength of her fiery tropical love.
Holmes: But the boy--he is fifteen, I understand, and probably very developed in mind, since his body has been circumscribed in action. Did he give you no explanation of these assaults?
Ferguson: No, he declared there was no reason.
Holmes: Were they good friends at other times?
Ferguson: No, there was never any love between them.
Holmes: Yet you say he is affectionate?
Ferguson: Never in the world could there be so devoted a son. My life is his life. He is absorbed in what I say or do.
###
Holmes: Yet you say he is affectionate?
Ferguson: Never in the world could there be so devoted a son. My life is his life. He is absorbed in what I say or do.
Holmes: No doubt you and the boy were great comrades before this second marriage. You were thrown very close together, were you not?
Ferguson: Very much so.
Holmes: And the boy, having so affectionate a nature, was devoted, no doubt, to the memory of his mother?
Ferguson: Most devoted.
Holmes: He would certainly seem to be a most interesting lad. There is one other point about these assaults. Were the strange attacks upon the baby and the assaults upon your son at the same period?
Ferguson: In the first case it was so. It was as if some frenzy had seized her, and she had vented her rage upon both. In the second case it was only Jack who suffered. Mrs. Mason had no complaint to make about the baby.
Holmes: That certainly complicates matters. I don't quite follow you, Mr. Holmes.
Ferguson: Possibly not. One forms provisional theories and waits for time or fuller knowledge to explode them. A bad habit, Mr. Ferguson, but human nature is weak. I fear that your old friend here has given an exaggerated view of my scientific methods. However, I will only say at the present stage that your problem does not appear to me to be insoluble, and that you may expect to find us at Victoria at two o'clock.
###
Watson: Hullo! Hullo!
Holmes: What is it, Mr. Holmes?
Watson: The dog. What's the matter with it?
Ferguson: That's what puzzled the vet. A sort of paralysis. Spinal meningitis, he thought. But it is passing. He'll be all right soon--won't you, Carlo?
###
Watson: What is it, Mr. Holmes?
Holmes: The dog. What's the matter with it?
Watson: That's what puzzled the vet. A sort of paralysis. Spinal meningitis, he thought. But it is passing. He'll be all right soon--won't you, Carlo?
Carlo: *Shiver of assent*
Watson: Did it come on suddenly?
Holmes: In a single night.
Watson: How long ago?
Holmes: It may have been four months ago.
Watson: Very remarkable. Very suggestive.
Watson: What do you see in it, Mr. Holmes?
Holmes: A confirmation of what I had already thought.
Ferguson: For God's sake, what do you think, Mr. Holmes? It may be a mere intellectual puzzle to you, but it is life and death to me! My wife a would-be murderer--my child in constant danger! Don't play with me, Mr. Holmes. It is too terribly serious.
Holmes: I fear that there is pain for you, Mr. Ferguson, whatever the solution may be. I would spare you all I can. I cannot say more for the instant, but before I leave this house I hope I may have something definite.
Ferguson: Please God you may! If you will excuse me, gentlemen, I will go up to my wife's room and see if there has been any change.
Ferguson: The tea is ready, Dolores. See that your mistress has everything she can wish.
Dolores: She verra ill. She no ask for food. She verra ill. She need doctor. I frightened stay alone with her without doctor.
Ferguson: I should be so glad if I could be of use.
Dolores: I take him. I no ask leave. She needs doctor.
Ferguson: Then I'll come with you at once.
###
Youth: Oh, daddy, I did not know that you were due yet. I should have been here to meet you. Oh, I am so glad to see you!
Ferguson: Dear old chap, I came early because my friends, Mr. Holmes and Dr. Watson, have been persuaded to come down and spend an evening with us.
Youth: Is that Mr. Holmes, the detective?
Holmes: What about your other child, Mr. Ferguson? Might we make the acquaintance of the baby?
Ferguson: Ask Mrs. Mason to bring baby down.
Ferguson: Fancy anyone having the heart to hurt him.
###
Watson: Fancy anyone having the heart to hurt him.
Watson: Good-bye, little man. You have made a strange start in life. Nurse, I should wish to have a word with you in private.
Holmes: Your anxiety will soon, I hope, be set at rest.
Holmes: What is Mrs. Mason like?
Watson: Not very prepossessing externally, as you can see, but a heart of gold, and devoted to the child.
Holmes: Do you like her, Jack?
Ferguson: Jacky has very strong likes and dislikes.
Ferguson: Luckily I am one of his likes.
###
Ferguson: Jacky has very strong likes and dislikes. Luckily I am one of his likes.
Ferguson: Run away, little Jacky. Now, Mr. Holmes, I really feel that I have brought you on a fool's errand, for what can you possibly do save give me your sympathy? It must be an exceedingly delicate and complex affair from your point of view.
Holmes: It is certainly delicate, but I have not been struck up to now with its complexity. It has been a case for intellectual deduction, but when this original intellectual deduction is confirmed point by point by quite a number of independent incidents, then the subjective becomes objective and we can say confidently that we have reached our goal. I had, in fact, reached it before we left Baker Street, and the rest has merely been observation and confirmation.
Ferguson: For heaven's sake, Holmes, if you can see the truth in this matter, do not keep me in suspense. How do I stand? What shall I do? I care nothing as to how you have found your facts so long as you have really got them.
Holmes: Certainly I owe you an explanation, and you shall have it. But you will permit me to handle the matter in my own way? Is the lady capable of seeing us, Watson?
Watson: She is ill, but she is quite rational.
Holmes: Very good. It is only in her presence that we can clear the matter up. Let us go up to her.
Ferguson: She will not see me.
Holmes: Oh, yes, she will. You at least have the entree, Watson. Will you have the goodness to give the lady this note?
###
Ferguson: She will not see me.
Holmes: Oh, yes, she will. You at least have the entree, Watson. Will you have the goodness to give the lady this note?
Dolores: She will see them. She will listen.
Holmes: I think we can dispense with Dolores. Oh, very well, madame, if you would rather she stayed I can see no objection. Now, Mr. Ferguson, I am a busy man with many calls, and my methods have to be short and direct. The swiftest surgery is the least painful. Let me first say what will ease your mind. Your wife is a very good, a very loving, and a very ill-used woman.
Ferguson: Prove that, Mr. Holmes, and I am your debtor forever.
Holmes: I will do so, but in doing so I must wound you deeply in another direction. I care nothing so long as you clear my wife. Everything on earth is insignificant compared to that. Let me tell you, then, the train of reasoning which passed through my mind in Baker Street. The idea of a vampire was to me absurd. Such things do not happen in criminal practice in England. And yet your observation was precise. You had seen the lady rise from beside the child's cot with the blood upon her lips. Did it not occur to you that a bleeding wound may be sucked for some other purpose than to draw the blood from it? Was there not a queen in English history who sucked such a wound to draw poison from it?
Ferguson: Poison!
###
Holmes: Did it not occur to you that a bleeding wound may be sucked for some other purpose than to draw the blood from it? Was there not a queen in English history who sucked such a wound to draw poison from it?
Watson: Poison!
Holmes: A South American household. My instinct felt the presence of those weapons upon the wall before my eyes ever saw them. It might have been other poison, but that was what occurred to me. When I saw that little empty quiver beside the small bird-bow, it was just what I expected to see. If the child were pricked with one of those arrows dipped in curare or some other devilish drug, it would mean death if the venom were not sucked out.
Holmes: And the dog! If one were to use such a poison, would one not try it first in order to see that it had not lost its power? I did not foresee the dog, but at least I understand him and he fitted into my reconstruction.
Holmes: Now do you understand? Your wife feared such an attack. She saw it made and saved the child's life, and yet she shrank from telling you all the truth, for she knew how you loved the boy and feared lest it break your heart.
Ferguson: Jacky!
Holmes: I watched him as you fondled the child just now. His face was clearly reflected in the glass of the window where the shutter formed a background. I saw such jealousy, such cruel hatred, as I have seldom seen in a human face.
Ferguson: My Jacky!
Holmes: You have to face it, Mr. Ferguson. It is the more painful because it is a distorted love, a maniacal exaggerated love for you, and possibly for his dead mother, which has prompted his action. His very soul is consumed with hatred for this splendid child, whose health and beauty are a contrast to his own weakness.
Ferguson: Good God! It is incredible!
Holmes: Have I spoken the truth, madame?
Lady: The lady was sobbing, with her face buried in the pillows. Now she turned to her husband.
###
Holmes: Good God! It is incredible!
Lady: Have I spoken the truth, madame?
Lady: How could I tell you, Bob? I felt the blow it would be to you. It was better that I should wait and that it should come from some other lips than mine. When this gentleman, who seems to have powers of magic, wrote that he knew all, I was glad.
Holmes: I think a year at sea would be my prescription for Master Jacky. Only one thing is still clouded, madame. We can quite understand your attacks upon Master Jacky. There is a limit to a mother's patience. But how did you dare to leave the child these last two days?
Lady: I had told Mrs. Mason. She knew.
Holmes: Exactly. So I imagined.
Holmes: This, I fancy, is the time for our exit, Watson. If you will take one elbow of the too faithful Dolores, I will take the other. There, now, I think we may leave them to settle the rest among themselves.
Holmes: Baker Street, Nov. 21st. Re Vampires Sir: Referring to your letter of the 19th, I beg to state that I have looked into the inquiry of your client, Mr. Robert Ferguson, of Ferguson and Muirhead, tea brokers, of Mincing Lane, and that the matter has been brought to a satisfactory conclusion. With thanks for your recommendation, I am, sir, Faithfully yours, Sherlock Holmes.
###
Watson: There is a chance for you to make some money, friend Watson. Have you ever heard the name of Garrideb?
Watson: I admitted that I had not.
Holmes: Well, if you can lay your hand upon a Garrideb, there's money in it.
Watson: Why?
Holmes: Ah, that's a long story--rather a whimsical one, too. I don't think in all our explorations of human complexities we have ever come upon anything more singular. The fellow will be here presently for cross-examination, so I won't open the matter up till he comes. But, meanwhile, that's the name we want.
Watson: Here you are, Holmes! Here it is!
Holmes: 'Garrideb, N.,' 136 Little Ryder Street, W. Sorry to disappoint you, my dear Watson, but this is the man himself. That is the address upon his letter. We want another to match him.
###
Watson: Mrs. Hudson had come in with a card upon a tray. I took it up and glanced at it. "Why, here it is!" I cried in amazement. "This is a different initial. John Garrideb, Counsellor at Law, Moorville, Kansas, U. S. A."
Holmes: I am afraid you must make yet another effort, Watson. This gentleman is also in the plot already, though I certainly did not expect to see him this morning. However, he is in a position to tell us a good deal which I want to know.
Holmes: Mr. Holmes? Ah, yes! Your pictures are not unlike you, sir, if I may say so. I believe you have had a letter from my namesake, Mr. Nathan Garrideb, have you not?
Holmes: Pray sit down. We shall, I fancy, have a good deal to discuss. You are, of course, the Mr. John Garrideb mentioned in this document. But surely you have been in England some time?
Garrideb: Why do you say that, Mr. Holmes? I seemed to read sudden suspicion in those expressive eyes.
Holmes: Your whole outfit is English.
Garrideb: I've read of your tricks, Mr. Holmes, but I never thought I would be the subject of them. Where do you read that? The shoulder cut of your coat, the toes of your boots--could anyone doubt it?
###
Garrideb: I've read of your tricks, Mr. Holmes, but I never thought I would be the subject of them. Where do you read that?
Holmes: The shoulder cut of your coat, the toes of your boots--could anyone doubt it?
Garrideb: Well, well, I had no idea I was so obvious a Britisher. But business brought me over here some time ago, and so, as you say, my outfit is nearly all London. However, I guess your time is of value, and we did not meet to talk about the cut of my socks. What about getting down to that paper you hold in your hand?
Holmes: Patience! Patience, Mr. Garrideb! Dr. Watson would tell you that these little digressions of mine sometimes prove in the end to have some bearing on the matter. But why did Mr. Nathan Garrideb not come with you?
Garrideb: Why did he ever drag you into it at all? What in thunder had you to do with it? Here was a bit of professional business between two gentlemen, and one of them must needs call in a detective! I saw him this morning, and he told me this fool-trick he had played me, and that's why I am here. But I feel bad about it, all the same.
Holmes: There was no reflection upon you, Mr. Garrideb. It was simply zeal upon his part to gain your end--an end which is, I understand, equally vital for both of you. He knew that I had means of getting information, and, therefore, it was very natural that he should apply to me.
Garrideb: Well, that puts it different. When I went to see him this morning and he told me he had sent to a detective, I just asked for your address and came right away. I don't want police butting into a private matter. But if you are content just to help us find the man, there can be no harm in that.
###
Holmes: Well, that is just how it stands. And now, sir, since you are here, we had best have a clear account from your own lips. My friend here knows nothing of the details.
Mr. Garrideb: Need he know?
Holmes: We usually work together.
Mr. Garrideb: Well, there's no reason it should be kept a secret. I'll give you the facts as short as I can make them. If you came from Kansas I would not need to explain to you who Alexander Hamilton Garrideb was. He made his money in real estate, and afterwards in the wheat pit at Chicago, but he spent it in buying up as much land as would make one of your counties, lying along the Arkansas River, west of Fort Dodge. It's grazing-land and lumber-land and arable-land and mineralized-land, and just every sort of land that brings dollars to the man that owns it. He had no kith nor kin--or, if he had, I never heard of it. But he took a kind of pride in the queerness of his name. That was what brought us together. I was in the law at Topeka, and one day I had a visit from the old man, and he was tickled to death to meet another man with his own name. It was his pet fad, and he was dead set to find out if there were any more Garridebs in the world. 'Find me another!' said he. I told him I was a busy man and could not spend my life hiking round the world in search of Garridebs. 'None the less,' said he, 'that is just what you will do if things pan out as I planned them.' I thought he was joking, but there was a powerful lot of meaning in the words, as I was soon to discover. For he died within a year of saying them, and he left a will behind him. It was the queerest will that has ever been filed in the State of Kansas. His property was divided into three parts, and I was to have one on condition that I found two Garridebs who would share the remainder. It's five million dollars for each if it is a cent, but we can't lay a finger on it until we all three stand in a row.
###
Holmes: It was so big a chance that I just let my legal practice slide and I set forth looking for Garridebs. There is not one in the United States. I went through it, sir, with a fine-toothed comb and never a Garrideb could I catch. Then I tried the old country. Sure enough there was the name in the London telephone directory. I went after him two days ago and explained the whole matter to him. But he is a lone man, like myself, with some women relations, but no men. It says three adult men in the will. So you see we still have a vacancy, and if you can help to fill it we will be very ready to pay your charges.
Watson: Well, Holmes, I said it was rather whimsical, did I not? I should have thought, sir, that your obvious way was to advertise in the agony columns of the papers.
Holmes: I have done that, Mr. Holmes. No replies.
Watson: Dear me! Well, it is certainly a most curious little problem. I may take a glance at it in my leisure. By the way, it is curious that you should have come from Topeka. I used to have a correspondent--he is dead now--old Dr. Lysander Starr, who was mayor in 1890.
Visitor: Good old Dr. Starr! His name is still honoured. Well, Mr. Holmes, I suppose all we can do is to report to you and let you know how we progress. I reckon you will hear within a day or two.
Holmes: I am wondering, Watson- just wondering!
Watson: At what?
Holmes: Holmes took his pipe from his lips.
###
Holmes: Well? I am wondering, Watson- just wondering!
Watson: At what?
Holmes: I was wondering, Watson, what on earth could be the object of this man in telling us such a rigmarole of lies. I nearly asked him so--for there are times when a brutal frontal attack is the best policy--but I judged it better to let him think he had fooled us. Here is a man with an English coat frayed at the elbow and trousers bagged at the knee with a year's wear, and yet by this document and by his own account he is a provincial American lately landed in London. There have been no advertisements in the agony columns. You know that I miss nothing there. They are my favourite covert for putting up a bird, and I would never have overlooked such a cock pheasant as that. I never knew a Dr. Lysander Starr, of Topeka. Touch him where you would he was false. I think the fellow is really an American, but he has worn his accent smooth with years of London. What is his game, then, and what motive lies behind this preposterous search for Garridebs? It's worth our attention, for, granting that the man is a rascal, he is certainly a complex and ingenious one. We must now find out if our other correspondent is a fraud also. Just ring him up, Watson.
Watson: Yes, yes, I am Mr. Nathan Garrideb. Is Mr. Holmes there? I should very much like to have a word with Mr. Holmes.
###
Garrideb: Yes, yes, I am Mr. Nathan Garrideb. Is Mr. Holmes there? I should very much like to have a word with Mr. Holmes.
Holmes: Yes, he has been here. I understand that you don't know him. ... How long? ... Only two days! ... Yes, yes, of course, it is a most captivating prospect. Will you be at home this evening? I suppose your namesake will not be there? ... Very good, we will come then, for I would rather have a chat without him. ... Dr. Watson will come with me. ... I understand from your note that you did not go out often. ... Well, we shall be round about six. You need not mention it to the American lawyer. ... Very good. Good-bye!
Holmes: Up some years, Watson. It's his real name, anyhow, and that is something to note.
###
Holmes: Up some years, Watson. It's his real name, anyhow, and that is something to note.
Narrator: The house had a common stair, and there were a number of names painted in the hall, some indicating offices and some private chambers. It was not a collection of residential flats, but rather the abode of Bohemian bachelors. Our client opened the door for us himself and apologized by saying that the woman in charge left at four o'clock. Mr. Nathan Garrideb proved to be a very tall, loose-jointed, round-backed person, gaunt and bald, some sixty-odd years of age. He had a cadaverous face, with the dull dead skin of a man to whom exercise was unknown. Large round spectacles and a small projecting goat's beard combined with his stooping attitude to give him an expression of peering curiosity. The general effect, however, was amiable, though eccentric.
Narrator: The room was as curious as its occupant. It looked like a small museum. It was both broad and deep, with cupboards and cabinets all round, crowded with specimens, geological and anatomical. Cases of butterflies and moths flanked each side of the entrance. A large table in the centre was littered with all sorts of debris, while the tall brass tube of a powerful microscope bristled up among them. As I glanced round I was surprised at the universality of the man's interests. Here was a case of ancient coins. There was a cabinet of flint instruments. Behind his central table was a large cupboard of fossil bones. Above was a line of plaster skulls with such names as "Neanderthal," "Heidelberg," "Cro-Magnon" printed beneath them. It was clear that he was a student of many subjects. As he stood in front of us now, he held a piece of chamois leather in his right hand with which he was polishing a coin.
###
Holmes: Syracusan--of the best period. They degenerated greatly towards the end. At their best I hold them supreme, though some prefer the Alexandrian school. You will find a chair here, Mr. Holmes. Pray allow me to clear these bones. And you, sir--ah, yes, Dr. Watson--if you would have the goodness to put the Japanese vase to one side. You see round me my little interests in life. My doctor lectures me about never going out, but why should I go out when I have so much to hold me here? I can assure you that the adequate cataloguing of one of those cabinets would take me three good months.
Watson: But do you tell me that you never go out?
Holmes: Now and again I drive down to Sotheby's or Christie's. Otherwise I very seldom leave my room. I am not too strong, and my researches are very absorbing. But you can imagine, Mr. Holmes, what a terrific shock--pleasant but terrific--it was for me when I heard of this unparalleled good fortune. It only needs one more Garrideb to complete the matter, and surely we can find one. I had a brother, but he is dead, and female relatives are disqualified. But there must surely be others in the world. I had heard that you handled strange cases, and that was why I sent to you. Of course, this American gentleman is quite right, and I should have taken his advice first, but I acted for the best.
Holmes: I think you acted very wisely indeed. But are you really anxious to acquire an estate in America?
Watson: Certainly not, sir. Nothing would induce me to leave my collection. But this gentleman has assured me that he will buy me out as soon as we have established our claim. Five million dollars was the sum named. There are a dozen specimens in the market at the present moment which fill gaps in my collection, and which I am unable to purchase for want of a few hundred pounds. Just think what I could do with five million dollars. Why, I have the nucleus of a national collection. I shall be the Hans Sloane of my age.
###
Holmes: I merely called to make your acquaintance, and there is no reason why I should interrupt your studies. I prefer to establish personal touch with those with whom I do business. There are few questions I need ask, for I have your very clear narrative in my pocket, and I filled up the blanks when this American gentleman called. I understand that up to this week you were unaware of his existence.
Garrideb: That is so. He called last Tuesday.
Holmes: Did he tell you of our interview today?
Garrideb: Yes, he came straight back to me. He had been very angry.
Holmes: Why should he be angry?
Garrideb: He seemed to think it was some reflection on his honour. But he was quite cheerful again when he returned.
Holmes: Did he suggest any course of action?
Garrideb: No, sir, he did not.
Holmes: Has he had, or asked for, any money from you?
Garrideb: No, sir, never!
Holmes: You see no possible object he has in view?
Garrideb: None, except what he states.
Holmes: Did you tell him of our telephone appointment?
Garrideb: Yes, sir, I did.
Holmes: Have you any articles of great value in your collection?
Garrideb: No, sir. I am not a rich man. It is a good collection, but not a very valuable one.
Holmes: You have no fear of burglars?
Garrideb: Not the least.
Holmes: How long have you been in these rooms?
Garrideb: Nearly five years.
Holmes: Here you are! I thought I should be in time to get you. Mr. Nathan Garrideb, my congratulations! You are a rich man, sir. Our business is happily finished and all is well. As to you, Mr. Holmes, we can only say we are sorry if we have given you any useless trouble.
###
Holmes: Glorious! That makes our third man.
American: I had opened up inquiries in Birmingham, and my agent there has sent me this advertisement from a local paper. We must hustle and put the thing through. I have written to this man and told him that you will see him in his office to-morrow afternoon at four o'clock.
American: What do you say, Mr. Holmes? Don't you think it would be wiser? Here am I, a wandering American with a wonderful tale. Why should he believe what I tell him? But you are a Britisher with solid references, and he is bound to take notice of what you say. I would go with you if you wished, but I have a very busy day to-morrow, and I could always follow you if you are in any trouble.
Holmes: Well, I have not made such a journey for years.
American: It is nothing, Mr. Garrideb. I have figured out our connections. You leave at twelve and should be there soon after two. Then you can be back the same night. All you have to do is to see this man, explain the matter, and get an affidavit of his existence. By the Lord! considering I've come all the way from the centre of America, it is surely little enough if you go a hundred miles in order to put this matter through.
Holmes: I think what this gentleman says is very true.
Nathan Garrideb: Well, if you insist I shall go. It is certainly hard for me to refuse you anything, considering the glory of hope that you have brought into my life.
###
Nathan Garrideb: Well, if you insist I shall go. It is certainly hard for me to refuse you anything, considering the glory of hope that you have brought into my life.
Holmes: Then that is agreed, and no doubt you will let me have a report as soon as you can.
Nathan Garrideb: I'll see to that. Well, I'll have to get on. I'll call tomorrow, Mr. Nathan, and see you off to Birmingham. Coming my way, Mr. Holmes? Well, then, good-bye, and we may have good news for you tomorrow night.
Watson: I wish I could look over your collection, Mr. Garrideb. In my profession all sorts of odd knowledge comes useful, and this room of yours is a storehouse of it.
Nathan Garrideb: I had always heard, sir, that you were a very intelligent man. I could take you round now if you have the time.
Watson: Unfortunately, I have not. But these specimens are so well labelled and classified that they hardly need your personal explanation. If I should be able to look in tomorrow, I presume that there would be no objection to my glancing over them?
Nathan Garrideb: None at all. You are most welcome. The place will, of course, be shut up, but Mrs. Saunders is in the basement up to four o'clock and would let you in with her key.
Holmes: Well, I happen to be clear tomorrow afternoon. If you would say a word to Mrs. Saunders it would be quite in order. By the way, who is your house-agent?
Nathan Garrideb: Holloway and Steele, in the Edgware Road. But why?
Holmes: I am a bit of an archaeologist myself when it comes to houses. I was wondering if this was Queen Anne or Georgian.
Nathan Garrideb: Georgian, beyond doubt.
###
Watson: Holloway and Steele, in the Edgware Road. But why?
Holmes: I am a bit of an archaeologist myself when it comes to houses. I was wondering if this was Queen Anne or Georgian.
Watson: Georgian, beyond doubt.
Holmes: Really. I should have thought a little earlier. However, it is easily ascertained. Well, good-bye, Mr. Garrideb, and may you have every success in your Birmingham journey.
Holmes: Our little problem draws to a close. No doubt you have outlined the solution in your own mind.
Watson: I can make neither head nor tail of it.
Holmes: The head is surely clear enough and the tail we should see to-morrow. Did you notice nothing curious about that advertisement?
Watson: I saw that the word 'plough' was misspelt.
Holmes: Oh, you did notice that, did you? Come, Watson, you improve all the time. Yes, it was bad English but good American. The printer had set it up as received. Then the buckboards. That is American also. And artesian wells are commoner with them than with us. It was a typical American advertisement, but purporting to be from an English firm. What do you make of that?
Watson: I can only suppose that this American lawyer put it in himself. What his object was I fail to understand.
Holmes: Well, there are alternative explanations. Anyhow, he wanted to get this good old fossil up to Birmingham. That is very clear. I might have told him that he was clearly going on a wild-goose chase, but, on second thoughts, it seemed better to clear the stage by letting him go. To-morrow, Watson--well, to-morrow will speak for itself.
Holmes: Holmes was up and out early. When he returned at lunchtime I noticed that his face was very grave.
###
Holmes: This is a more serious matter than I had expected, Watson. It is fair to tell you so, though I know it will only be an additional reason to you for running your head into danger. I should know my Watson by now. But there is danger, and you should know it.
Watson: Well, it is not the first we have shared, Holmes. I hope it may not be the last. What is the particular danger this time?
Holmes: We are up against a very hard case. I have identified Mr. John Garrideb, Counsellor at Law. He is none other than 'Killer' Evans, of sinister and murderous reputation.
Watson: I fear I am none the wiser.
Holmes: Ah, it is not part of your profession to carry about a portable Newgate Calendar in your memory. I have been down to see friend Lestrade at the Yard. There may be an occasional want of imaginative intuition down there, but they lead the world for thoroughness and method. I had an idea that we might get on the track of our American friend in their records. Sure enough, I found his chubby face smiling up at me from the rogues' portrait gallery. 'James Winter, alias Morecroft, alias Killer Evans,' was the inscription below. I scribbled down a few points from his dossier: Aged forty-four. Native of Chicago. Known to have shot three men in the States. Escaped from penitentiary through political influence. Came to London in 1893. Shot a man over cards in a night-club in the Waterloo Road in January, 1895. Man died, but he was shown to have been the aggressor in the row. Dead man was identified as Rodger Prescott, famous as forger and coiner in Chicago. Killer Evans released in 1901. Has been under police supervision since, but so far as known has led an honest life. Very dangerous man, usually carries arms and is prepared to use them. That is our bird, Watson--a sporting bird, as you must admit.
Watson: But what is his game?
###
Watson: But what is his game?
Holmes: Well, it begins to define itself. I have been to the house-agent's. Our client, as he told us, has been there five years. It was unlet for a year before then. The previous tenant was a gentleman at large named Waldron. Waldron's appearance was well remembered at the office. He had suddenly vanished and nothing more been heard of him. He was a tall, bearded man with very dark features. Now, Prescott, the man whom Killer Evans had shot, was, according to Scotland Yard, a tall, dark man with a beard. As a working hypothesis, I think we may take it that Prescott, the American criminal, used to live in the very room which our innocent friend now devotes to his museum. So at last we get a link, you see.
Watson: And the next link?
Holmes: Well, we must go now and look for that.
Holmes: I have my old favourite with me. If our Wild West friend tries to live up to his nickname, we must be ready for him. I'll give you an hour for a siesta, Watson, and then I think it will be time for our Ryder Street adventure.
Watson: It was just four o'clock when we reached the curious apartment of Nathan Garrideb. Mrs. Saunders, the caretaker, was about to leave, but she had no hesitation in admitting us, for the door shut with a spring lock, and Holmes promised to see that all was safe before we left. Shortly afterwards the outer door closed, her bonnet passed the bow window, and we knew that we were alone in the lower floor of the house. Holmes made a rapid examination of the premises. There was one cupboard in a dark corner which stood out a little from the wall. It was behind this that we eventually crouched while Holmes in a whisper outlined his intentions.
###
Holmes: He wanted to get our amiable friend out of his room--that is very clear, and, as the collector never went out, it took some planning to do it. The whole of this Garrideb invention was apparently for no other end. I must say, Watson, that there is a certain devilish ingenuity about it, even if the queer name of the tenant did give him an opening which he could hardly have expected. He wove his plot with remarkable cunning.
Watson: But what did he want?
Holmes: Well, that is what we are here to find out. It has nothing whatever to do with our client, so far as I can read the situation. It is something connected with the man he murdered--the man who may have been his confederate in crime. There is some guilty secret in the room. That is how I read it. At first I thought our friend might have something in his collection more valuable than he knew--something worth the attention of a big criminal. But the fact that Rodger Prescott of evil memory inhabited these rooms points to some deeper reason. Well, Watson, we can but possess our souls in patience and see what the hour may bring.
Holmes: That hour was not long in striking. We crouched closer in the shadow as we heard the outer door open and shut. Then came the sharp, metallic snap of a key, and the American was in the room. He closed the door softly behind him, took a sharp glance around him to see that all was safe, threw off his overcoat, and walked up to the central table with the brisk manner of one who knows exactly what he has to do and how to do it. He pushed the table to one side, tore up the square of carpet on which it rested, rolled it completely back, and then, drawing a jemmy from his inside pocket, he knelt down and worked vigorously upon the floor. Presently we heard the sound of sliding boards, and an instant later a square had opened in the planks. Killer Evans struck a match, lit a stump of candle, and vanished from our view.
###
Watson: You're not hurt, Watson? For God's sake, say that you are not hurt!
Holmes: It's nothing, Holmes. It's a mere scratch.
Holmes: You are right. It is quite superficial. By the Lord, it is as well for you. If you had killed Watson, you would not have got out of this room alive. Now, sir, what have you to say for yourself?
###
Watson: He had nothing to say for himself. He only sat and scowled.
Watson: A printing press--a counterfeiter's outfit.
Holmes: A printing press--a counterfeiter's outfit.
Prisoner: Yes, sir, The greatest counterfeiter London ever saw. That's Prescott's machine, and those bundles on the table are two thousand of Prescott's notes worth a hundred each and fit to pass anywhere. Help yourselves, gentlemen. Call it a deal and let me beat it.
Holmes: We don't do things like that, Mr. Evans. There is no bolt-hole for you in this country. You shot this man Prescott, did you not?
Prisoner: Yes, sir, and got five years for it, though it was he who pulled on me. Five years--when I should have had a medal the size of a soup plate. No living man could tell a Prescott from a Bank of England, and if I hadn't put him out he would have flooded London with them. I was the only one in the world who knew where he made them. Can you wonder that I wanted to get to the place? And can you wonder that when I found this crazy boob of a bug-hunter with the queer name squatting right on the top of it, and never quitting his room, I had to do the best I could to shift him? Maybe I would have been wiser if I had put him away. It would have been easy enough, but I'm a soft-hearted guy that can't begin shooting unless the other man has a gun also. But say, Mr. Holmes, what have I done wrong, anyhow? I've not used this plant. I've not hurt this old stiff. Where do you get me?
###
Holmes: Only attempted murder, so far as I can see. But that's not our job. They take that at the next stage. What we wanted at present was just your sweet self. Please give the Yard a call, Watson. It won't be entirely unexpected. So those were the facts about Killer Evans and his remarkable invention of the three Garridebs. We heard later that our poor old friend never got over the shock of his dissipated dreams. When his castle in the air fell down, it buried him beneath the ruins. He was last heard of at a nursing-home in Brixton. It was a glad day at the Yard when the Prescott outfit was discovered, for, though they knew that it existed, they had never been able, after the death of the man, to find out where it was. Evans had indeed done great service and caused several worthy C. I. D. men to sleep the sounder, for the counterfeiter stands in a class by himself as a public danger. They would willingly have subscribed to that soup-plate medal of which the criminal had spoken, but an unappreciative bench took a less favourable view, and the Killer returned to those shades from which he had just emerged. THE PROBLEM OF THOR BRIDGE
Watson: N/A
###
Watson: You have a case, Holmes?
Holmes: The faculty of deduction is certainly contagious, Watson. It has enabled you to probe my secret. Yes, I have a case. After a month of trivialities and stagnation the wheels move once more.
Watson: Might I share it?
Holmes: There is little to share, but we may discuss it when you have consumed the two hard-boiled eggs with which our new cook has favoured us. Their condition may not be unconnected with the copy of the Family Herald which I observed yesterday upon the hall-table. Even so trivial a matter as cooking an egg demands an attention which is conscious of the passage of time and incompatible with the love romance in that excellent periodical.
###
Holmes: You have heard of Neil Gibson, the Gold King?
Watson: You mean the American Senator?
Holmes: Well, he was once Senator for some Western state, but is better known as the greatest gold-mining magnate in the world.
Watson: Yes, I know of him. He has surely lived in England for some time. His name is very familiar.
Holmes: Yes, he bought a considerable estate in Hampshire some five years ago. Possibly you have already heard of the tragic end of his wife?
Watson: Of course. I remember it now. That is why the name is familiar. But I really know nothing of the details.
Holmes: I had no idea that the case was coming my way or I should have had my extracts ready. The fact is that the problem, though exceedingly sensational, appeared to present no difficulty. The interesting personality of the accused does not obscure the clearness of the evidence. That was the view taken by the coroner's jury and also in the police-court proceedings. It is now referred to the Assizes at Winchester. I fear it is a thankless business. I can discover facts, Watson, but I cannot change them. Unless some entirely new and unexpected ones come to light I do not see what my client can hope for.
Watson: Your client?
Holmes: Ah, I forgot I had not told you. I am getting into your involved habit, Watson, of telling a story backward. You had best read this first.
###
Watson: Your client?
Holmes: Ah, I forgot I had not told you. I am getting into your involved habit, Watson, of telling a story backward. You had best read this first.
Holmes: The letter which he handed to me, written in a bold, masterful hand, ran as follows: Claridge's Hotel October 3rd. Dear Mr. Sherlock Holmes: I can't see the best woman God ever made go to her death without doing all that is possible to save her. I can't explain things--I can't even try to explain them, but I know beyond all doubt that Miss Dunbar is innocent. You know the facts--who doesn't? It has been the gossip of the country. And never a voice raised for her! It's the damned injustice of it all that makes me crazy. That woman has a heart that wouldn't let her kill a fly. Well, I'll come at eleven to-morrow and see if you can get some ray of light in the dark. Maybe I have a clue and don't know it. Anyhow, all I know and all I have and all I am are for your use if only you can save her. If ever in your life you showed your powers, put them now into this case. Yours faithfully, J. Neil Gibson.
###
Holmes: There you have it. That is the gentleman I await. As to the story, you have hardly time to master all these papers, so I must give it to you in a nutshell if you are to take an intelligent interest in the proceedings. This man is the greatest financial power in the world, and a man, as I understand, of most violent and formidable character. He married a wife, the victim of this tragedy, of whom I know nothing save that she was past her prime, which was the more unfortunate as a very attractive governess superintended the education of two young children. These are the three people concerned, and the scene is a grand old manor house, the centre of a historical English state. Then as to the tragedy. The wife was found in the grounds nearly half a mile from the house, late at night, clad in her dinner dress, with a shawl over her shoulders and a revolver bullet through her brain. No weapon was found near her and there was no local clue as to the murder. No weapon near her, Watson--mark that! The crime seems to have been committed late in the evening, and the body was found by a game-keeper about eleven o'clock, when it was examined by the police and by a doctor before being carried up to the house. Is this too condensed, or can you follow it clearly?
Watson: It is all very clear. But why suspect the governess?
###
Holmes: It is all very clear. But why suspect the governess?
Watson: Well, in the first place there is some very direct evidence. A revolver with one discharged chamber and a calibre which corresponded with the bullet was found on the floor of her wardrobe. On the floor of her wardrobe.
Holmes: Yes, Watson, it was found. Pretty damning, eh? So the two juries thought. Then the dead woman had a note upon her making an appointment at that very place and signed by the governess. How's that? Finally there is the motive. Senator Gibson is an attractive person. If his wife dies, who more likely to succeed her than the young lady who had already by all accounts received pressing attentions from her employer? Love, fortune, power, all depending upon one middle-aged life. Ugly, Watson--very ugly!
Watson: Yes, indeed, Holmes.
Holmes: Nor could she prove an alibi. On the contrary, she had to admit that she was down near Thor Bridge--that was the scene of the tragedy--about that hour. She couldn't deny it, for some passing villager had seen her there. That really seems final. And yet, Watson--and yet! This bridge--a single broad span of stone with balustraded sides--carries the drive over the narrowest part of a long, deep, reed-girt sheet of water. Thor Mere it is called. In the mouth of the bridge lay the dead woman. Such are the main facts. But here, if I mistake not, is our client, considerably before his time.
Watson: Billy had opened the door, but the name which he announced was an unexpected one. Mr. Marlow Bates was a stranger to both of us. He was a thin, nervous wisp of a man with frightened eyes and a twitching, hesitating manner--a man whom my own professional eye would judge to be on the brink of an absolute nervous breakdown.
###
Holmes: You seem agitated, Mr. Bates. Pray sit down. I fear I can only give you a short time, for I have an appointment at eleven.
Bates: I know you have. Mr. Gibson is coming. Mr. Gibson is my employer. I am manager of his estate. Mr. Holmes, he is a villain--an infernal villain.
Holmes: Strong language, Mr. Bates.
Bates: I have to be emphatic, Mr. Holmes, for the time is so limited. I would not have him find me here for the world. He is almost due now. But I was so situated that I could not come earlier. His secretary, Mr. Ferguson, only told me this morning of his appointment with you.
Holmes: And you are his manager?
Bates: I have given him notice. In a couple of weeks I shall have shaken off his accursed slavery. A hard man, Mr. Holmes, hard to all about him. Those public charities are a screen to cover his private iniquities. But his wife was his chief victim. He was brutal to her--yes, sir, brutal! How she came by her death I do not know, but I am sure that he had made her life a misery to her. She was a creature of the tropics, a Brazilian by birth, as no doubt you know.
Holmes: No, it had escaped me.
Bates: Tropical by birth and tropical by nature. A child of the sun and of passion. She had loved him as such women can love, but when her own physical charms had faded--I am told that they once were great--there was nothing to hold him. We all liked her and felt for her and hated him for the way that he treated her. But he is plausible and cunning. That is all I have to say to you. Don't take him at his face value. There is more behind. Now I'll go. No, no, don't detain me! He is almost due.
Holmes: Well! Well! Mr. Gibson seems to have a nice loyal household. But the warning is a useful one, and now we can only wait till the man himself appears.
###
Holmes: Well! Well! Mr. Gibson seems to have a nice loyal household. But the warning is a useful one, and now we can only wait till the man himself appears.
Holmes: Let me say right here, Mr. Holmes, that money is nothing to me in this case. You can burn it if it's any use in lighting you to the truth. This woman is innocent and this woman has to be cleared, and it's up to you to do it. Name your figure!
Holmes: My professional charges are upon a fixed scale. I do not vary them, save when I remit them altogether.
Gibson: Well, if dollars make no difference to you, think of the reputation. If you pull this off every paper in England and America will be booming you. You'll be the talk of two continents.
Holmes: Thank you, Mr. Gibson, I do not think that I am in need of booming. It may surprise you to know that I prefer to work anonymously, and that it is the problem itself which attracts me. But we are wasting time. Let us get down to the facts.
###
Holmes: Thank you, Mr. Gibson, I do not think that I am in need of booming. It may surprise you to know that I prefer to work anonymously, and that it is the problem itself which attracts me. But we are wasting time. Let us get down to the facts.
Gibson: I think that you will find all the main ones in the press reports. I don't know that I can add anything which will help you. But if there is anything you would wish more light upon--well, I am here to give it.
Holmes: Well, there is just one point.
Gibson: What is it?
Holmes: What were the exact relations between you and Miss Dunbar?
Gibson: I suppose you are within your rights--and maybe doing your duty--in asking such a question, Mr. Holmes.
Holmes: We will agree to suppose so.
Gibson: Then I can assure you that our relations were entirely and always those of an employer towards a young lady whom he never conversed with, or ever saw, save when she was in the company of his children.
Holmes: I am a rather busy man, Mr. Gibson, and I have no time or taste for aimless conversations. I wish you good-morning.
Gibson: What the devil do you mean by this, Mr. Holmes? Do you dismiss my case?
Holmes: Well, Mr. Gibson, at least I dismiss you. I should have thought my words were plain.
Gibson: Plain enough, but what's at the back of it? Raising the price on me, or afraid to tackle it, or what? I've a right to a plain answer.
Holmes: Well, perhaps you have. I'll give you one. This case is quite sufficiently complicated to start with without the further difficulty of false information.
Gibson: Meaning that I lie.
Holmes: Well, I was trying to express it as delicately as I could, but if you insist upon the word I will not contradict you.
###
Holmes: Meaning that I lie.
Watson: Well, I was trying to express it as delicately as I could, but if you insist upon the word I will not contradict you.
Gibson: Don't be noisy, Mr. Gibson. I find that after breakfast even the smallest argument is unsettling. I suggest that a stroll in the morning air and a little quiet thought will be greatly to your advantage.
Gibson: Well, it's your choice. I guess you know how to run your own business. I can't make you touch the case against your will. You've done yourself no good this morning, Mr. Holmes, for I have broken stronger men than you. No man ever crossed me and was the better for it.
Holmes: So many have said so, and yet here I am. Well, good-morning, Mr. Gibson. You have a good deal yet to learn.
Holmes: Any views, Watson?
Watson: Well, Holmes, I must confess that when I consider that this is a man who would certainly brush any obstacle from his path, and when I remember that his wife may have been an obstacle and an object of dislike, as that man Bates plainly told us, it seems to me--
Holmes: Exactly. And to me also.
Watson: But what were his relations with the governess, and how did you discover them?
###
Holmes: Exactly. And to me also.
Watson: But what were his relations with the governess, and how did you discover them?
Holmes: Bluff, Watson, bluff! When I considered the passionate, unconventional, unbusinesslike tone of his letter and contrasted it with his self-contained manner and appearance, it was pretty clear that there was some deep emotion which centred upon the accused woman rather than upon the victim. We've got to understand the exact relations of those three people if we are to reach the truth. You saw the frontal attack which I made upon him, and how imperturbably he received it. Then I bluffed him by giving him the impression that I was absolutely certain, when in reality I was only extremely suspicious.
Watson: Perhaps he will come back?
Holmes: He is sure to come back. He must come back. He can't leave it where it is. Ha! isn't that a ring? Yes, there is his footstep. Well, Mr. Gibson, I was just saying to Dr. Watson that you were somewhat overdue.
Gibson: I've been thinking it over, Mr. Holmes, and I feel that I have been hasty in taking your remarks amiss. You are justified in getting down to the facts, whatever they may be, and I think the more of you for it. I can assure you, however, that the relations between Miss Dunbar and me don't really touch this case.
Holmes: That is for me to decide, is it not?
Gibson: Yes, I guess that is so. You're like a surgeon who wants every symptom before he can give his diagnosis.
Holmes: Exactly. That expresses it. And it is only a patient who has an object in deceiving his surgeon who would conceal the facts of his case.
###
Holmes: Yes, I guess that is so. You're like a surgeon who wants every symptom before he can give his diagnosis.
Watson: Exactly. That expresses it. And it is only a patient who has an object in deceiving his surgeon who would conceal the facts of his case.
Holmes: That may be so, but you will admit, Mr. Holmes, that most men would shy off a bit when they are asked point-blank what their relations with a woman may be--if there is really some serious feeling in the case. I guess most men have a little private reserve of their own in some corner of their souls where they don't welcome intruders. And you burst suddenly into it. But the object excuses you, since it was to try and save her. Well, the stakes are down and the reserve open, and you can explore where you will. What is it you want?
Holmes: The truth.
The Gold King: The Gold King paused for a moment as one who marshals his thoughts. His grim, deep-lined face had become even sadder and more grave.
###
Holmes: I do not blame you for feeling it. I should blame you if you expressed it, since this young lady was in a sense under your protection.
Millionaire: Well, maybe so, I'm not pretending to be any better than I am. I guess all my life I've been a man that reached out his hand for what he wanted, and I never wanted anything more than the love and possession of that woman. I told her so."
Holmes: Oh, you did, did you?
Holmes: I said to her that if I could marry her I would, but that it was out of my power. I said that money was no object and that all I could do to make her happy and comfortable would be done.
Holmes: Very generous, I am sure.
Millionaire: See here, Mr. Holmes. I came to you on a question of evidence, not on a question of morals. I'm not asking for your criticism.
Holmes: It is only for the young lady's sake that I touch your case at all. I don't know that anything she is accused of is really worse than what you have yourself admitted, that you have tried to ruin a defenceless girl who was under your roof. Some of you rich men have to be taught that all the world cannot be bribed into condoning your offences.
Millionaire: That's how I feel myself about it now. I thank God that my plans did not work out as I intended. She would have none of it, and she wanted to leave the house instantly.
Holmes: Why did she not?
Millionaire: Well, in the first place, others were dependent upon her, and it was no light matter for her to let them all down by sacrificing her living. When I had sworn--as I did--that she should never be molested again, she consented to remain. But there was another reason. She knew the influence she had over me, and that it was stronger than any other influence in the world. She wanted to use it for good.
Holmes: How?
###
Gold King: Well, she knew something of my affairs. They are large, Mr. Holmes--large beyond the belief of an ordinary man. I can make or break--and it is usually break. It wasn't individuals only. It was communities, cities, even nations. Business is a hard game, and the weak go to the wall. I played the game for all it was worth. I never squealed myself, and I never cared if the other fellow squealed. But she saw it different. I guess she was right. She believed and said that a fortune for one man that was more than he needed should not be built on ten thousand ruined men who were left without the means of life. That was how she saw it, and I guess she could see past the dollars to something that was more lasting. She found that I listened to what she said, and she believed she was serving the world by influencing my actions. So she stayed--and then this came along.
Holmes: Can you throw any light upon that?
Gold King: The Gold King paused for a minute or more, his head sunk in his hands, lost in deep thought.
###
Gold King: Can you throw any light upon that?
Holmes: It's very black against her. I can't deny that. And women lead an inward life and may do things beyond the judgment of a man. At first I was so rattled and taken aback that I was ready to think she had been led away in some extraordinary fashion that was clean against her usual nature. One explanation came into my head. I give it to you, Mr. Holmes, for what it is worth. There is no doubt that my wife was bitterly jealous. There is a soul-jealousy that can be as frantic as any body-jealousy, and though my wife had no cause--and I think she understood this--for the latter, she was aware that this English girl exerted an influence upon my mind and my acts that she herself never had. It was an influence for good, but that did not mend the matter. She was crazy with hatred, and the heat of the Amazon was always in her blood. She might have planned to murder Miss Dunbar--or we will say to threaten her with a gun and so frighten her into leaving us. Then there might have been a scuffle and the gun gone off and shot the woman who held it.
Holmes: That possibility had already occurred to me. Indeed, it is the only obvious alternative to deliberate murder.
Gold King: But she utterly denies it.
Holmes: Well, that is not final--is it? One can understand that a woman placed in so awful a position might hurry home still in her bewilderment holding the revolver. She might even throw it down among her clothes, hardly knowing what she was doing, and when it was found she might try to lie her way out by a total denial, since all explanation was impossible. What is against such a supposition?
Gold King: Miss Dunbar herself.
Holmes: Well, perhaps.
###
Watson: Miss Dunbar herself.
Holmes: Well, perhaps.
Holmes: I have no doubt we can get the necessary permits this morning and reach Winchester by the evening train. When I have seen this young lady it is very possible that I may be of more use to you in the matter, though I cannot promise that my conclusions will necessarily be such as you desire.
Narrator: There was some delay in the official pass, and instead of reaching Winchester that day we went down to Thor Place, the Hampshire estate of Mr. Neil Gibson. He did not accompany us himself, but we had the address of Sergeant Coventry, of the local police, who had first examined into the affair. He was a tall, thin, cadaverous man, with a secretive and mysterious manner which conveyed the idea that he knew or suspected a very great deal more than he dared say. He had a trick, too, of suddenly sinking his voice to a whisper as if he had come upon something of vital importance, though the information was usually commonplace enough. Behind these tricks of manner he soon showed himself to be a decent, honest fellow who was not too proud to admit that he was out of his depth and would welcome any help.
Sergeant Coventry: Anyhow, I'd rather have you than Scotland Yard, Mr. Holmes. If the Yard gets called into a case, then the local loses all credit for success and may be blamed for failure. Now, you play straight, so I've heard.
Holmes: I need not appear in the matter at all. If I can clear it up I don't ask to have my name mentioned.
Sergeant Coventry: Well, it's very handsome of you, I am sure. And your friend, Dr. Watson, can be trusted, I know. Now, Mr. Holmes, as we walk down to the place there is one question I should like to ask you. I'd breathe it to no soul but you. Don't you think there might be a case against Mr. Neil Gibson himself?
Holmes: I have been considering that.
###
Watson: I have been considering that.
Holmes: You've not seen Miss Dunbar. She is a wonderful fine woman in every way. He may well have wished his wife out of the road. And these Americans are readier with pistols than our folk are. It was his pistol, you know.
Watson: Was that clearly made out?
Holmes: Yes, sir. It was one of a pair that he had.
Watson: One of a pair? Where is the other?
Holmes: Well, the gentleman has a lot of firearms of one sort and another. We never quite matched that particular pistol--but the box was made for two.
Watson: If it was one of a pair you should surely be able to match it.
Holmes: Well, we have them all laid out at the house if you would care to look them over.
Watson: Later, perhaps. I think we will walk down together and have a look at the scene of the tragedy.
Watson: That was where Mrs. Gibson's body lay. I marked it by that stone.
Holmes: I understand that you were there before it was moved?
Watson: Yes, they sent for me at once.
Holmes: Who did?
Watson: Mr. Gibson himself. The moment the alarm was given and he had rushed down with others from the house, he insisted that nothing should be moved until the police should arrive.
Holmes: That was sensible. I gathered from the newspaper report that the shot was fired from close quarters.
Watson: Yes, sir, very close.
Holmes: Near the right temple?
Watson: Just behind it, sir.
###
Holmes: That was sensible. I gathered from the newspaper report that the shot was fired from close quarters.
Guide: Yes, sir, very close.
Holmes: Near the right temple?
Guide: Just behind it, sir.
Holmes: How did the body lie?
Guide: On the back, sir. No trace of a struggle. No marks. No weapon. The short note from Miss Dunbar was clutched in her left hand.
Holmes: Clutched, you say?
Guide: Yes, sir, we could hardly open the fingers.
Holmes: That is of great importance. It excludes the idea that anyone could have placed the note there after death in order to furnish a false clue. Dear me! The note, as I remember, was quite short: "I will be at Thor Bridge at nine o'clock. G. Dunbar." Was that not so?
Guide: Yes, sir.
Holmes: Did Miss Dunbar admit writing it?
Guide: Yes, sir.
Holmes: What was her explanation?
Guide: Her defence was reserved for the Assizes. She would say nothing.
Holmes: The problem is certainly a very interesting one. The point of the letter is very obscure, is it not?
Guide: Well, sir, it seemed, if I may be so bold as to say so, the only really clear point in the whole case.
Holmes: Granting that the letter is genuine and was really written, it was certainly received some time before--say one hour or two. Why, then, was this lady still clasping it in her left hand? Why should she carry it so carefully? She did not need to refer to it in the interview. Does it not seem remarkable?
Guide: Well, sir, as you put it, perhaps it does.
Holmes: I think I should like to sit quietly for a few minutes and think it out. This is curious.
Guide: Yes, sir, we saw the chip on the ledge. I expect it's been done by some passer-by.
###
Holmes: This is curious.
Watson: Yes, sir, we saw the chip on the ledge. I expect it's been done by some passer-by.
Holmes: It took some violence to do that. Yes, it was a hard knock. In a curious place, too. It was not from above but from below, for you see that it is on the lower edge of the parapet.
Watson: But it is at least fifteen feet from the body.
Holmes: Yes, it is fifteen feet from the body. It may have nothing to do with the matter, but it is a point worth noting. I do not think that we have anything more to learn here. There were no footsteps, you say?
Watson: The ground was iron hard, sir. There were no traces at all.
Holmes: Then we can go. We will go up to the house first and look over these weapons of which you speak. Then we shall get on to Winchester, for I should desire to see Miss Dunbar before we go farther.
Mr. Bates: Mr. Gibson has his enemies, as anyone would expect who knew him and his methods. He sleeps with a loaded revolver in the drawer beside his bed. He is a man of violence, sir, and there are times when all of us are afraid of him. I am sure that the poor lady who has passed was often terrified.
Mr. Bates: Did you ever witness physical violence towards her?
Mr. Bates: No, I cannot say that. But I have heard words which were nearly as bad--words of cold, cutting contempt, even before the servants.
###
Watson: Did you ever witness physical violence towards her?
Holmes: No, I cannot say that. But I have heard words which were nearly as bad--words of cold, cutting contempt, even before the servants.
Holmes: Our millionaire does not seem to shine in private life. Well, Watson, we have come on a good many facts, some of them new ones, and yet I seem some way from my conclusion. In spite of the very evident dislike which Mr. Bates has to his employer, I gather from him that when the alarm came he was undoubtedly in his library. Dinner was over at 8.30 and all was normal up to then. It is true that the alarm was somewhat late in the evening, but the tragedy certainly occurred about the hour named in the note. There is no evidence at all that Mr. Gibson had been out of doors since his return from town at five o'clock. On the other hand, Miss Dunbar, as I understand it, admits that she had made an appointment to meet Mrs. Gibson at the bridge. Beyond this she would say nothing, as her lawyer had advised her to reserve her defence. We have several very vital questions to ask that young lady, and my mind will not be easy until we have seen her. I must confess that the case would seem to me to be very black against her if it were not for one thing.
Watson: And what is that, Holmes?
Holmes: The finding of the pistol in her wardrobe.
Watson: Dear me, Holmes! that seemed to me to be the most damning incident of all.
Holmes: Not so, Watson. It had struck me even at my first perfunctory reading as very strange, and now that I am in closer touch with the case it is my only firm ground for hope. We must look for consistency. Where there is a want of it we must suspect deception.
Watson: I hardly follow you.
###
Watson: I hardly follow you.
Holmes: Well now, Watson, suppose for a moment that we visualize you in the character of a woman who, in a cold, premeditated fashion, is about to get rid of a rival. You have planned it. A note has been written. The victim has come. You have your weapon. The crime is done. It has been workmanlike and complete. Do you tell me that after carrying out so crafty a crime you would now ruin your reputation as a criminal by forgetting to fling your weapon into those adjacent reed-beds which would forever cover it, but you must needs carry it carefully home and put it in your own wardrobe, the very first place that would be searched? Your best friends would hardly call you a schemer, Watson, and yet I could not picture you doing anything so crude as that.
Watson: In the excitement of the moment--
Holmes: No, no, Watson, I will not admit that it is possible. Where a crime is coolly premeditated, then the means of covering it are coolly premeditated also. I hope, therefore, that we are in the presence of a serious misconception.
Watson: But there is so much to explain.
Holmes: Well, we shall set about explaining it. When once your point of view is changed, the very thing which was so damning becomes a clue to the truth. For example, there is this revolver. Miss Dunbar disclaims all knowledge of it. On our new theory she is speaking truth when she says so. Therefore, it was placed in her wardrobe. Who placed it there? Someone who wished to incriminate her. Was not that person the actual criminal? You see how we come at once upon a most fruitful line of inquiry.
###
Watson: Perhaps Mr. Neil Gibson has told you something of what occurred between us?
Holmes: Yes, you need not pain yourself by entering into that part of the story. After seeing you, I am prepared to accept Mr. Gibson's statement both as to the influence which you had over him and as to the innocence of your relations with him. But why was the whole situation not brought out in court?
Miss Dunbar: It seemed to me incredible that such a charge could be sustained. I thought that if we waited the whole thing must clear itself up without our being compelled to enter into painful details of the inner life of the family. But I understand that far from clearing it has become even more serious.
###
Holmes: My dear young lady, I beg you to have no illusions upon the point. Mr. Cummings here would assure you that all the cards are at present against us, and that we must do everything that is possible if we are to win clear. It would be a cruel deception to pretend that you are not in very great danger. Give me all the help you can, then, to get at the truth.
Miss Dunbar: I will conceal nothing.
Holmes: Tell us, then, of your true relations with Mr. Gibson's wife.
Miss Dunbar: She hated me, Mr. Holmes. She hated me with all the fervour of her tropical nature. She was a woman who would do nothing by halves, and the measure of her love for her husband was the measure also of her hatred for me. It is probable that she misunderstood our relations. I would not wish to wrong her, but she loved so vividly in a physical sense that she could hardly understand the mental, and even spiritual, tie which held her husband to me, or imagine that it was only my desire to influence his power to good ends which kept me under his roof. I can see now that I was wrong. Nothing could justify me in remaining where I was a cause of unhappiness, and yet it is certain that the unhappiness would have remained even if I had left the house.
Holmes: Now, Miss Dunbar, I beg you to tell us exactly what occurred that evening.
Miss Dunbar: I can tell you the truth so far as I know it, Mr. Holmes, but I am in a position to prove nothing, and there are points--the most vital points--which I can neither explain nor can I imagine any explanation.
Holmes: If you will find the facts, perhaps others may find the explanation.
###
Watson: If you will find the facts, perhaps others may find the explanation.
Watson: With regard, then, to my presence at Thor Bridge that night, I received a note from Mrs. Gibson in the morning. It lay on the table of the schoolroom, and it may have been left there by her own hand. It implored me to see her there after dinner, said she had something important to say to me, and asked me to leave an answer on the sundial in the garden, as she desired no one to be in our confidence. I saw no reason for such secrecy, but I did as she asked, accepting the appointment. She asked me to destroy her note and I burned it in the schoolroom grate. She was very much afraid of her husband, who treated her with a harshness for which I frequently reproached him, and I could only imagine that she acted in this way because she did not wish him to know of our interview.
Holmes: Yet she kept your reply very carefully?
Watson: Yes. I was surprised to hear that she had it in her hand when she died.
Holmes: Well, what happened then?
Watson: I went down as I had promised. When I reached the bridge she was waiting for me. Never did I realize till that moment how this poor creature hated me. She was like a mad woman--indeed, I think she was a mad woman, subtly mad with the deep power of deception which insane people may have. How else could she have met me with unconcern every day and yet had so raging a hatred of me in her heart? I will not say what she said. She poured her whole wild fury out in burning and horrible words. I did not even answer--I could not. It was dreadful to see her. I put my hands to my ears and rushed away. When I left her she was standing, still shrieking out her curses at me, in the mouth of the bridge.
Holmes: Where she was afterwards found?
Watson: Within a few yards from the spot.
Holmes: And yet, presuming that she met her death shortly after you left her, you heard no shot?
###
Holmes: Where she was afterwards found?
Miss Dunbar: Within a few yards from the spot.
Holmes: And yet, presuming that she met her death shortly after you left her, you heard no shot?
Miss Dunbar: No, I heard nothing. But, indeed, Mr. Holmes, I was so agitated and horrified by this terrible outbreak that I rushed to get back to the peace of my own room, and I was incapable of noticing anything which happened.
Holmes: You say that you returned to your room. Did you leave it again before next morning?
Miss Dunbar: Yes, when the alarm came that the poor creature had met her death I ran out with the others.
Holmes: Did you see Mr. Gibson?
Miss Dunbar: Yes, he had just returned from the bridge when I saw him. He had sent for the doctor and the police.
Holmes: Did he seem to you much perturbed?
Miss Dunbar: Mr. Gibson is a very strong, self-contained man. I do not think that he would ever show his emotions on the surface. But I, who knew him so well, could see that he was deeply concerned.
Holmes: Then we come to the all-important point. This pistol that was found in your room. Had you ever seen it before?
Miss Dunbar: Never, I swear it.
Holmes: When was it found?
Miss Dunbar: Next morning, when the police made their search.
Holmes: Among your clothes?
Miss Dunbar: Yes, on the floor of my wardrobe under my dresses.
Holmes: You could not guess how long it had been there?
Miss Dunbar: It had not been there the morning before.
Holmes: How do you know?
Miss Dunbar: Because I tidied out the wardrobe.
Holmes: That is final. Then someone came into your room and placed the pistol there in order to inculpate you.
Miss Dunbar: It must have been so.
Holmes: And when?
Miss Dunbar: It could only have been at meal-time, or else at the hours when I would be in the schoolroom with the children.
Holmes: As you were when you got the note?
Miss Dunbar: Yes, from that time onward for the whole morning.
Holmes: Thank you, Miss Dunbar. Is there any other point which could help me in the investigation?
Miss Dunbar: I can think of none.
Holmes: There was some sign of violence on the stonework of the bridge--a perfectly fresh chip just opposite the body. Could you suggest any possible explanation of that?
Miss Dunbar: Surely it must be a mere coincidence.
###
Holmes: I can think of none.
Holmes: There was some sign of violence on the stonework of the bridge--a perfectly fresh chip just opposite the body. Could you suggest any possible explanation of that?
Watson: Surely it must be a mere coincidence.
Holmes: Curious, Miss Dunbar, very curious. Why should it appear at the very time of the tragedy, and why at the very place?
Miss Dunbar: But what could have caused it? Only great violence could have such an effect.
Holmes: Come, Watson, come!
Watson: What is it, Mr. Holmes?
Holmes: Never mind, my dear lady. You will hear from me, Mr. Cummings. With the help of the god of justice I will give you a case which will make England ring. You will get news by tomorrow, Miss Dunbar, and meanwhile take my assurance that the clouds are lifting and that I have every hope that the light of truth is breaking through.
Watson: It was not a long journey from Winchester to Thor Place, but it was long to me in my impatience, while for Holmes it was evident that it seemed endless; for, in his nervous restlessness, he could not sit still, but paced the carriage or drummed with his long, sensitive fingers upon the cushions beside him. Suddenly, however, as we neared our destination he seated himself opposite to me--we had a first-class carriage to ourselves--and laying a hand upon each of my knees he looked into my eyes with the peculiarly mischievous gaze which was characteristic of his more imp-like moods.
Holmes: Watson, I have some recollection that you go armed upon these excursions of ours.
###
Holmes: Watson, I have some recollection that you go armed upon these excursions of ours.
Watson: Yes, yes, I am a little absent-minded in such matters. But have you your revolver on you?
Holmes: Do you know, Watson, I believe your revolver is going to have a very intimate connection with the mystery which we are investigating.
Watson: My dear Holmes, you are joking.
Holmes: No, Watson, I am very serious. There is a test before us. If the test comes off, all will be clear. And the test will depend upon the conduct of this little weapon. One cartridge out. Now we will replace the other five and put on the safety-catch. So! That increases the weight and makes it a better reproduction.
Holmes: It all depends upon the behaviour of Dr. Watson's revolver. Here it is. Now, officer, can you give me ten yards of string?
Holmes: I think that this is all we will need. Now, if you please, we will get off on what I hope is the last stage of our journey.
###
Holmes: I think that this is all we will need. Now, if you please, we will get off on what I hope is the last stage of our journey.
Holmes: Yes, you have seen me miss my mark before, Watson. I have an instinct for such things, and yet it has sometimes played me false. It seemed a certainty when first it flashed across my mind in the cell at Winchester, but one drawback of an active mind is that one can always conceive alternative explanations which would make our scent a false one. And yet--and yet-- Well, Watson, we can but try.
Holmes: Now for it!
###
Holmes: Was there ever a more exact demonstration? See, Watson, your revolver has solved the problem!
Holmes: We'll stay at the inn tonight. You will, of course, get a grappling-hook and you will easily restore my friend's revolver. You will also find beside it the revolver, string and weight with which this vindictive woman attempted to disguise her own crime and to fasten a charge of murder upon an innocent victim. You can let Mr. Gibson know that I will see him in the morning, when steps can be taken for Miss Dunbar's vindication.
Holmes: I fear, Watson, that you will not improve any reputation which I may have acquired by adding the case of the Thor Bridge mystery to your annals. I have been sluggish in mind and wanting in that mixture of imagination and reality which is the basis of my art. I confess that the chip in the stonework was a sufficient clue to suggest the true solution, and that I blame myself for not having attained it sooner. It must be admitted that the workings of this unhappy woman's mind were deep and subtle, so that it was no very simple matter to unravel her plot. I do not think that in our adventures we have ever come across a stranger example of what perverted love can bring about. Whether Miss Dunbar was her rival in a physical or in a merely mental sense seems to have been equally unforgivable in her eyes. No doubt she blamed this innocent lady for all those harsh dealings and unkind words with which her husband tried to repel her too demonstrative affection. Her first resolution was to end her own life. Her second was to do it in such a way as to involve her victim in a fate which was worse far than any sudden death could be.
###
Holmes: We can follow the various steps quite clearly, and they show a remarkable subtlety of mind. A note was extracted very cleverly from Miss Dunbar which would make it appear that she had chosen the scene of the crime. In her anxiety that it should be discovered she somewhat overdid it by holding it in her hand to the last. This alone should have excited my suspicions earlier than it did. Then she took one of her husband's revolvers--there was, as you saw, an arsenal in the house--and kept it for her own use. A similar one she concealed that morning in Miss Dunbar's wardrobe after discharging one barrel, which she could easily do in the woods without attracting attention. She then went down to the bridge where she had contrived this exceedingly ingenious method for getting rid of her weapon. When Miss Dunbar appeared she used her last breath in pouring out her hatred, and then, when she was out of hearing, carried out her terrible purpose. Every link is now in its place and the chain is complete. The papers may ask why the mere was not dragged in the first instance, but it is easy to be wise after the event, and in any case the expanse of a reed-filled lake is no easy matter to drag unless you have a clear perception of what you are looking for and where. Well, Watson, we have helped a remarkable woman, and also a formidable man. Should they in the future join their forces, as seems not unlikely, the financial world may find that Mr. Neil Gibson has learned something in that schoolroom of sorrow where our earthly lessons are taught. THE ADVENTURE OF THE CREEPING MAN.
###
Watson: You will excuse a certain abstraction of mind, my dear Watson. Some curious facts have been submitted to me within the last twenty-four hours, and they in turn have given rise to some speculations of a more general character. I have serious thoughts of writing a small monograph upon the uses of dogs in the work of the detective.
Holmes: No, no, Watson, that side of the matter is, of course, obvious. But there is another which is far more subtle. You may recollect that in the case which you, in your sensational way, coupled with the Copper Beeches, I was able, by watching the mind of the child, to form a deduction as to the criminal habits of the very smug and respectable father.
Watson: Surely, Holmes, this is a little far-fetched.
Holmes: The practical application of what I have said is very close to the problem which I am investigating. It is a tangled skein, you understand, and I am looking for a loose end. One possible loose end lies in the question: Why does Professor Presbury's wolfhound, Roy, endeavour to bite him?
###
Watson: I sank back in my chair in some disappointment. Was it for so trivial a question as this that I had been summoned from my work?
Holmes: The same old Watson! You never learn that the gravest issues may depend upon the smallest things. But is it not on the face of it strange that a staid, elderly philosopher--you've heard of Presbury, of course, the famous Camford physiologist?--that such a man, whose friend has been his devoted wolfhound, should now have been twice attacked by his own dog? What do you make of it?
Watson: The dog is ill.
Holmes: Well, that has to be considered. But he attacks no one else, nor does he apparently molest his master, save on very special occasions. Curious, Watson--very curious. But young Mr. Bennett is before his time if that is his ring. I had hoped to have a longer chat with you before he came.
Bennett: This matter is very delicate, Mr. Holmes. Consider the relation in which I stand to Professor Presbury both privately and publicly. I really can hardly justify myself if I speak before any third person.
Holmes: Have no fear, Mr. Bennett. Dr. Watson is the very soul of discretion, and I can assure you that this is a matter in which I am very likely to need an assistant.
Bennett: As you like, Mr. Holmes. You will, I am sure, understand my having some reserves in the matter.
###
Holmes: As you like, Mr. Holmes. You will, I am sure, understand my having some reserves in the matter.
Watson: You will appreciate it, Watson, when I tell you that this gentleman, Mr. Trevor Bennett, is professional assistant to the great scientist, lives under his roof, and is engaged to his only daughter. Certainly we must agree that the professor has every claim upon his loyalty and devotion. But it may best be shown by taking the necessary steps to clear up this strange mystery.
Bennett: I hope so, Mr. Holmes. That is my one object. Does Dr. Watson know the situation?
Holmes: I have not had time to explain it.
Bennett: Then perhaps I had better go over the ground again before explaining some fresh developments.
Holmes: I will do so myself, in order to show that I have the events in their due order. The professor, Watson, is a man of European reputation. His life has been academic. There has never been a breath of scandal. He is a widower with one daughter, Edith. He is, I gather, a man of very virile and positive, one might almost say combative, character. So the matter stood until a very few months ago. Then the current of his life was broken. He is sixty-one years of age, but he became engaged to the daughter of Professor Morphy, his colleague in the chair of comparative anatomy. It was not, as I understand, the reasoned courting of an elderly man but rather the passionate frenzy of youth, for no one could have shown himself a more devoted lover. The lady, Alice Morphy, was a very perfect girl both in mind and body, so that there was every excuse for the professor's infatuation. None the less, it did not meet with full approval in his own family.
Bennett: We thought it rather excessive.
###
Holmes: You must understand, Dr. Watson, that the professor had no secrets from me. If I were his son or his younger brother I could not have more completely enjoyed his confidence. As his secretary I handled every paper which came to him, and I opened and subdivided his letters. Shortly after his return all this was changed. He told me that certain letters might come to him from London which would be marked by a cross under the stamp. These were to be set aside for his own eyes only. I may say that several of these did pass through my hands, that they had the E. C. mark, and were in an illiterate handwriting. If he answered them at all the answers did not pass through my hands nor into the letter-basket in which our correspondence was collected.
Watson: And the box.
Holmes: Ah, yes, the box. The professor brought back a little wooden box from his travels. It was the one thing which suggested a Continental tour, for it was one of those quaint carved things which one associates with Germany. This he placed in his instrument cupboard. One day, in looking for a canula, I took up the box. To my surprise he was very angry, and reproved me in words which were quite savage for my curiosity. It was the first time such a thing had happened, and I was deeply hurt. I endeavoured to explain that it was a mere accident that I had touched the box, but all the evening I was conscious that he looked at me harshly and that the incident was rankling in his mind.
Watson: You are certainly an admirable witness, I may need some of these dates which you have noted.
###
Holmes: You are certainly an admirable witness. I may need some of these dates which you have noted.
Mr. Bennett: I learned method among other things from my great teacher. From the time that I observed abnormality in his behaviour I felt that it was my duty to study his case. Thus I have it here that it was on that very day, July 2d, that Roy attacked the professor as he came from his study into the hall. Again, on July 11th, there was a scene of the same sort, and then I have a note of yet another upon July 20th. After that we had to banish Roy to the stables. He was a dear, affectionate animal--but I fear I weary you.
Holmes: Singular! Most singular! These details were new to me, Mr. Bennett. I think we have now fairly gone over the old ground, have we not? But you spoke of some fresh developments.
Mr. Bennett: What I speak of occurred the night before last. I was lying awake about two in the morning, when I was aware of a dull muffled sound coming from the passage. I opened my door and peeped out. I should explain that the professor sleeps at the end of the passage--
Holmes: The date being-?
Mr. Bennett: I have said, sir, that it was the night before last--that is, September 4th.
Holmes: Pray continue.
###
Holmes: The date being-?
Holmes: Pray continue.
Visitor: I have said, sir, that it was the night before last--that is, September 4th.
Visitor: He sleeps at the end of the passage and would have to pass my door in order to reach the staircase. It was a really terrifying experience, Mr. Holmes. I think that I am as strong-nerved as my neighbours, but I was shaken by what I saw. The passage was dark save that one window halfway along it threw a patch of light. I could see that something was coming along the passage, something dark and crouching. Then suddenly it emerged into the light, and I saw that it was he. He was crawling, Mr. Holmes--crawling! He was not quite on his hands and knees. I should rather say on his hands and feet, with his face sunk between his hands. Yet he seemed to move with ease. I was so paralyzed by the sight that it was not until he had reached my door that I was able to step forward and ask if I could assist him. His answer was extraordinary. He sprang up, spat out some atrocious word at me, and hurried on past me, and down the staircase. I waited about for an hour, but he did not come back. It must have been daylight before he regained his room.
Holmes: Well, Watson, what make you of that?
Watson: Lumbago, possibly. I have known a severe attack make a man walk in just such a way, and nothing would be more trying to the temper.
Holmes: Good, Watson! You always keep us flat-footed on the ground. But we can hardly accept lumbago, since he was able to stand erect in a moment.
###
Holmes: Good, Watson! You always keep us flat-footed on the ground. But we can hardly accept lumbago, since he was able to stand erect in a moment.
Bennett: He was never better in health. In fact, he is stronger than I have known him for years. But there are the facts, Mr. Holmes. It is not a case in which we can consult the police, and yet we are utterly at our wit's end as to what to do, and we feel in some strange way that we are drifting towards disaster. Edith--Miss Presbury--feels as I do, that we cannot wait passively any longer.
Holmes: It is certainly a very curious and suggestive case. What do you think, Watson?
Watson: Speaking as a medical man, it appears to be a case for an alienist. The old gentleman's cerebral processes were disturbed by the love affair. He made a journey abroad in the hope of breaking himself of the passion. His letters and the box may be connected with some other private transaction--a loan, perhaps, or share certificates, which are in the box.
Holmes: And the wolfhound no doubt disapproved of the financial bargain. No, no, Watson, there is more in it than this. Now, I can only suggest--
Bennett: Edith, dear! Nothing the matter, I hope? I felt I must follow you. Oh, Jack, I have been so dreadfully frightened! It is awful to be there alone.
Holmes: Mr. Holmes, this is the young lady I spoke of. This is my fiancee. We were gradually coming to that conclusion, were we not, Watson? I take it, Miss Presbury, that there is some fresh development in the case, and that you thought we should know?
Miss Presbury: Our new visitor, a bright, handsome girl of a conventional English type, smiled back at Holmes as she seated herself beside Mr. Bennett.
###
Miss Presbury: When I found Mr. Bennett had left his hotel I thought I should probably find him here. Of course, he had told me that he would consult you. But, oh, Mr. Holmes, can you do nothing for my poor father?
Holmes: I have hopes, Miss Presbury, but the case is still obscure. Perhaps what you have to say may throw some fresh light upon it.
Miss Presbury: It was last night, Mr. Holmes. He had been very strange all day. I am sure that there are times when he has no recollection of what he does. He lives as in a strange dream. Yesterday was such a day. It was not my father with whom I lived. His outward shell was there, but it was not really he.
Holmes: Tell me what happened.
Miss Presbury: I was awakened in the night by the dog barking most furiously. Poor Roy, he is chained now near the stable. I may say that I always sleep with my door locked; for, as Jack--as Mr. Bennett--will tell you, we all have a feeling of impending danger. My room is on the second floor. It happened that the blind was up in my window, and there was bright moonlight outside. As I lay with my eyes fixed upon the square of light, listening to the frenzied barkings of the dog, I was amazed to see my father's face looking in at me. Mr. Holmes, I nearly died of surprise and horror. There it was pressed against the window-pane, and one hand seemed to be raised as if to push up the window. If that window had opened, I think I should have gone mad. It was no delusion, Mr. Holmes. Don't deceive yourself by thinking so. I dare say it was twenty seconds or so that I lay paralyzed and watched the face. Then it vanished, but I could not--I could not spring out of bed and look out after it. I lay cold and shivering till morning. At breakfast he was sharp and fierce in manner, and made no allusion to the adventure of the night. Neither did I, but I gave an excuse for coming to town--and here I am.
###
Holmes: My dear young lady, you say that your room is on the second floor. Is there a long ladder in the garden?
Miss Presbury: No, Mr. Holmes, that is the amazing part of it. There is no possible way of reaching the window--and yet he was there.
Holmes: The date being September 5th. That certainly complicates matters.
Miss Presbury: This is the second time that you have alluded to the date, Mr. Holmes. Is it possible that it has any bearing upon the case?
Holmes: It is possible--very possible--and yet I have not my full material at present.
Bennett: Possibly you are thinking of the connection between insanity and phases of the moon?
Holmes: No, I assure you. It was quite a different line of thought. Possibly you can leave your notebook with me, and I will check the dates. Now I think, Watson, that our line of action is perfectly clear. This young lady has informed us--and I have the greatest confidence in her intuition--that her father remembers little or nothing which occurs upon certain dates. We will therefore call upon him as if he had given us an appointment upon such a date. He will put it down to his own lack of memory. Thus we will open our campaign by having a good close view of him.
Bennett: That is excellent. I warn you, however, that the professor is irascible and violent at times.
Holmes: There are reasons why we should come at once--very cogent reasons if my theories hold good. To-morrow, Mr. Bennett, will certainly see us in Camford. There is, if I remember right, an inn called the Chequers where the port used to be above mediocrity and the linen was above reproach. I think, Watson, that our lot for the next few days might lie in less pleasant places.
###
Watson: I think, Watson, that we can catch the professor just before lunch. He lectures at eleven and should have an interval at home.
Watson: What possible excuse have we for calling?
Holmes: There was a period of excitement upon August 26th. We will assume that he is a little hazy as to what he does at such times. If we insist that we are there by appointment I think he will hardly venture to contradict us. Have you the effrontery necessary to put it through?
Watson: We can but try.
Holmes: Excellent, Watson! Compound of the Busy Bee and Excelsior. We can but try--the motto of the firm. A friendly native will surely guide us.
Professor Presbury: Pray sit down, gentlemen. What can I do for you?
###
Holmes: Pray sit down, gentlemen. What can I do for you?
Holmes: It was the question which I was about to put to you, Professor.
Professor: To me, sir!
Holmes: Possibly there is some mistake. I heard through a second person that Professor Presbury of Camford had need of my services.
Professor: Oh, indeed! You heard that, did you? May I ask the name of your informant?
Holmes: I am sorry, Professor, but the matter was rather confidential. If I have made a mistake there is no harm done. I can only express my regret.
Professor: Not at all. I should wish to go further into this matter. It interests me. Have you any scrap of writing, any letter or telegram, to bear out your assertion?
Holmes: No, I have not.
Holmes: I would rather answer no questions.
Professor: No, I dare say not. However, that particular one can be answered very easily without your aid.
Professor: Come in, Mr. Bennett. These two gentlemen have come from London under the impression that they have been summoned. You handle all my correspondence. Have you a note of anything going to a person named Holmes?
Mr. Bennett: No, sir.
Professor: That is conclusive. Now, sir, it seems to me that your position is a very questionable one.
Holmes: I can only repeat that I am sorry that we have made a needless intrusion.
###
Holmes: I can only repeat that I am sorry that we have made a needless intrusion.
Old Man: Hardly enough, Mr. Holmes! You can hardly get out of it so easily as that.
Old Man: You can hardly get out of it so easily as that.
Mr. Bennett: My dear Professor, consider your position! Consider the scandal at the university! Mr. Holmes is a well-known man. You cannot possibly treat him with such discourtesy.
Mr. Bennett: I am so sorry, Mr. Holmes. I wished to apologize.
Holmes: Our learned friend's nerves are somewhat out of order. Perhaps our intrusion was a little crude, and yet we have gained that personal contact which I desired. But, dear me, Watson, he is surely at our heels. The villain still pursues us.
Holmes: Too clear! That was my miscalculation. It is evident that his memory is much more reliable than I had thought. By the way, can we, before we go, see the window of Miss Presbury's room?
###
Bennett: It is there. The second on the left.
Holmes: Dear me, it seems hardly accessible. And yet you will observe that there is a creeper below and a water-pipe above which give some foothold.
Bennett: I could not climb it myself.
Holmes: Very likely. It would certainly be a dangerous exploit for any normal man.
Bennett: There was one other thing I wish to tell you, Mr. Holmes. I have the address of the man in London to whom the professor writes. He seems to have written this morning, and I got it from his blotting-paper. It is an ignoble position for a trusted secretary, but what else can I do?
Holmes: Dorak--a curious name. Slavonic, I imagine. Well, it is an important link in the chain. We return to London this afternoon, Mr. Bennett. I see no good purpose to be served by our remaining. We cannot arrest the professor because he has done no crime, nor can we place him under constraint, for he cannot be proved to be mad. No action is as yet possible.
Bennett: Then what on earth are we to do?
Holmes: A little patience, Mr. Bennett. Things will soon develop. Unless I am mistaken, next Tuesday may mark a crisis. Certainly we shall be in Camford on that day. Meanwhile, the general position is undeniably unpleasant, and if Miss Presbury can prolong her visit--
Bennett: That is easy.
Holmes: Then let her stay till we can assure her that all danger is past. Meanwhile, let him have his way and do not cross him. So long as he is in a good humour all is well.
###
Holmes: That is easy.
Holmes: Then let her stay till we can assure her that all danger is past. Meanwhile, let him have his way and do not cross him. So long as he is in a good humour all is well.
Bennett: There he is!
Holmes: I expect the old gentleman has been putting two and two together. He struck me as having a particularly clear and logical brain from the little I saw of him. Explosive, no doubt, but then from his point of view he has something to explode about if detectives are put on his track and he suspects his own household of doing it. I rather fancy that friend Bennett is in for an uncomfortable time.
Holmes: Mercer is since your time. He is my general utility man who looks up routine business. It was important to know something of the man with whom our professor was so secretly corresponding. His nationality connects up with the Prague visit.
Watson: Thank goodness that something connects with something. At present we seem to be faced by a long series of inexplicable incidents with no bearing upon each other. For example, what possible connection can there be between an angry wolfhound and a visit to Bohemia, or either of them with a man crawling down a passage at night? As to your dates, that is the biggest mystification of all.
###
Holmes: Well, now, let us take the dates first. This excellent young man's diary shows that there was trouble upon July 2d, and from then onward it seems to have been at nine-day intervals, with, so far as I remember, only one exception. Thus the last outbreak upon Friday was on September 3d, which also falls into the series, as did August 26th, which preceded it. The thing is beyond coincidence. Let us, then, form the provisional theory that every nine days the professor takes some strong drug which has a passing but highly poisonous effect. His naturally violent nature is intensified by it. He learned to take this drug while he was in Prague, and is now supplied with it by a Bohemian intermediary in London. This all hangs together, Watson!
Watson: But the dog, the face at the window, the creeping man in the passage?
Holmes: Well, well, we have made a beginning. I should not expect any fresh developments until next Tuesday. In the meantime we can only keep in touch with friend Bennett and enjoy the amenities of this charming town.
Bennett: Apart from his queer fits, he has actually more energy and vitality than I can ever remember, nor was his brain ever clearer. But it's not he--it's never the man whom we have known.
###
Holmes: I don't think you have anything to fear now for a week at least. I am a busy man, and Dr. Watson has his patients to attend to. Let us agree that we meet here at this hour next Tuesday, and I shall be surprised if before we leave you again we are not able to explain, even if we cannot perhaps put an end to, your troubles. Meanwhile, keep us posted in what occurs.
Watson: I saw nothing of my friend for the next few days, but on the following Monday evening I had a short note asking me to meet him next day at the train. From what he told me as we travelled up to Camford all was well, the peace of the professor's house had been unruffled, and his own conduct perfectly normal. This also was the report which was given us by Mr. Bennett himself when he called upon us that evening at our old quarters in the Chequers. He heard from his London correspondent to-day. There was a letter and there was a small packet, each with the cross under the stamp which warned me not to touch them. There has been nothing else.
Holmes: That may prove quite enough. Now, Mr. Bennett, we shall, I think, come to some conclusion to-night. If my deductions are correct we should have an opportunity of bringing matters to a head. In order to do so it is necessary to hold the professor under observation. I would suggest, therefore, that you remain awake and on the lookout. Should you hear him pass your door, do not interrupt him, but follow him as discreetly as you can. Dr. Watson and I will not be far off. By the way, where is the key of that little box of which you spoke?
Bennett: Upon his watch chain.
Holmes: I fancy our researches must lie in that direction. At the worst the lock should not be very formidable. Have you any other able-bodied man on the premises?
Bennett: There is the coachman, Macphail.
Holmes: Where does he sleep?
Bennett: Over the stables.
Holmes: We might possibly want him. Well, we can do no more until we see how things develop. Good-bye--but I expect that we shall see you before morning.
###
Holmes: There is the coachman, Macphail.
Watson: Where does he sleep?
Holmes: Over the stables.
Watson: We might possibly want him. Well, we can do no more until we see how things develop. Good-bye--but I expect that we shall see you before morning.
Holmes: If the cycle of nine days holds good then we shall have the professor at his worst to-night. The fact that these strange symptoms began after his visit to Prague, that he is in secret correspondence with a Bohemian dealer in London, who presumably represents someone in Prague, and that he received a packet from him this very day, all point in one direction. What he takes and why he takes it are still beyond our ken, but that it emanates in some way from Prague is clear enough. He takes it under definite directions which regulate this ninth-day system, which was the first point which attracted my attention. But his symptoms are most remarkable. Did you observe his knuckles?
Watson: I had to confess that I did not.
###
Watson: I had to confess that I did not.
Holmes: Thick and horny in a way which is quite new in my experience. Always look at the hands first, Watson. Then cuffs, trouser-knees, and boots. Very curious knuckles which can only be explained by the mode of progression observed by-- Oh, Watson, Watson, what a fool I have been! It seems incredible, and yet it must be true. All points in one direction. How could I miss seeing the connection of ideas? Those knuckles--how could I have passed those knuckles? And the dog! And the ivy! It's surely time that I disappeared into that little farm of my dreams. Look out, Watson! Here he is! We shall have the chance of seeing for ourselves.
Watson: The hall door had slowly opened, and against the lamplit background we saw the tall figure of Professor Presbury. He was clad in his dressing-gown. As he stood outlined in the doorway he was erect but leaning forward with dangling arms, as when we saw him last. Now he stepped forward into the drive, and an extraordinary change came over him. He sank down into a crouching position and moved along upon his hands and feet, skipping every now and then as if he were overflowing with energy and vitality. He moved along the face of the house and then round the corner. As he disappeared Bennett slipped through the hall door and softly followed him.
###
Holmes: Come, Watson, come!
Holmes: In all our adventures I do not know that I have ever seen a more strange sight than this impassive and still dignified figure crouching frog-like upon the ground and goading to a wilder exhibition of passion the maddened hound, which ramped and raged in front of him, by all manner of ingenious and calculated cruelty.
###
Narrator: And then in a moment it happened! It was not the chain that broke, but it was the collar that slipped, for it had been made for a thick-necked Newfoundland. We heard the rattle of falling metal, and the next instant dog and man were rolling on the ground together, the one roaring in rage, the other screaming in a strange shrill falsetto of terror. It was a very narrow thing for the professor's life. The savage creature had him fairly by the throat, its fangs had bitten deep, and he was senseless before we could reach them and drag the two apart. It might have been a dangerous task for us, but Bennett's voice and presence brought the great wolfhound instantly to reason. The uproar had brought the sleepy and astonished coachman from his room above the stables. "I'm not surprised," said he, shaking his head. "I've seen him at it before. I knew the dog would get him sooner or later."
Narrator: The hound was secured, and together we carried the professor up to his room, where Bennett, who had a medical degree, helped me to dress his torn throat. The sharp teeth had passed dangerously near the carotid artery, and the haemorrhage was serious. In half an hour the danger was past, I had given the patient an injection of morphia, and he had sunk into deep sleep. Then, and only then, were we able to look at each other and to take stock of the situation.
Watson: I think a first-class surgeon should see him.
Bennett: For God's sake, no! At present the scandal is confined to our own household. It is safe with us. If it gets beyond these walls it will never stop. Consider his position at the university, his European reputation, the feelings of his daughter.
Holmes: Quite so, I think it may be quite possible to keep the matter to ourselves, and also to prevent its recurrence now that we have a free hand. The key from the watch-chain, Mr. Bennett. Macphail will guard the patient and let us know if there is any change. Let us see what we can find in the professor's mysterious box.
###
Holmes: Here we have our material!
Holmes: Honoured Colleague: Since your esteemed visit I have thought much of your case, and though in your circumstances there are some special reasons for the treatment, I would none the less enjoin caution, as my results have shown that it is not without danger of a kind. It is possible that the serum of anthropoid would have been better. I have, as I explained to you, used black-faced langur because a specimen was accessible. Langur is, of course, a crawler and climber, while anthropoid walks erect and is in all ways nearer. I beg you to take every possible precaution that there be no premature revelation of the process. I have one other client in England, and Dorak is my agent for both. Weekly reports will oblige. Yours with high esteem, H. Lowenstein.
###
Holmes: The real source lies, of course, in that untimely love affair which gave our impetuous professor the idea that he could only gain his wish by turning himself into a younger man. When one tries to rise above Nature one is liable to fall below it. The highest type of man may revert to the animal if he leaves the straight road of destiny. When I have written to this man and told him that I hold him criminally responsible for the poisons which he circulates, we will have no more trouble. But it may recur. Others may find a better way. There is danger there--a very real danger to humanity. Consider, Watson, that the material, the sensual, the worldly would all prolong their worthless lives. The spiritual would not avoid the call to something higher. It would be the survival of the least fit. What sort of cesspool may not our poor world become? I think there is nothing more to be said, Mr. Bennett. The various incidents will now fit themselves easily into the general scheme. The dog, of course, was aware of the change far more quickly than you. His smell would insure that. It was the monkey, not the professor, whom Roy attacked, just as it was the monkey who teased Roy. Climbing was a joy to the creature, and it was a mere chance, I take it, that the pastime brought him to the young lady's window. There is an early train to town, Watson, but I think we shall just have time for a cup of tea at the Chequers before we catch it.
###
Narrator: My house is lonely. I, my old housekeeper, and my bees have the estate all to ourselves. Half a mile off, however, is Harold Stackhurst's well-known coaching establishment, The Gables, quite a large place, which contains some score of young fellows preparing for various professions, with a staff of several masters. Stackhurst himself was a well-known rowing Blue in his day, and an excellent all-round scholar. He and I were always friendly from the day I came to the coast, and he was the one man who was on such terms with me that we could drop in on each other in the evenings without an invitation.
Narrator: Towards the end of July, 1907, there was a severe gale, the wind blowing up-channel, heaping the seas to the base of the cliffs and leaving a lagoon at the turn of the tide. On the morning of which I speak the wind had abated, and all Nature was newly washed and fresh. It was impossible to work upon so delightful a day, and I strolled out before breakfast to enjoy the exquisite air. I walked along the cliff path which led to the steep descent to the beach. As I walked I heard a shout behind me, and there was Harold Stackhurst waving his hand in cheery greeting.
Stackhurst: What a morning, Mr. Holmes! I thought I should see you out.
Holmes: Going for a swim, I see.
Stackhurst: At your old tricks again. Yes. McPherson started early, and I expect I may find him there.
Narrator: Fitzroy McPherson was the science master, a fine upstanding young fellow whose life had been crippled by heart trouble following rheumatic fever. He was a natural athlete, however, and excelled in every game which did not throw too great a strain upon him. Summer and winter he went for his swim, and, as I am a swimmer myself, I have often joined him.
###
Watson: And here was the problem clearly defined--as strange a one as had ever confronted me. The man had not been on the beach more than a quarter of an hour at the most. Stackhurst had followed him from The Gables, so there could be no doubt about that. He had gone to bathe and had stripped, as the naked footsteps showed. Then he had suddenly huddled on his clothes again--they were all dishevelled and unfastened--and he had returned without bathing, or at any rate without drying himself. And the reason for his change of purpose had been that he had been scourged in some savage, inhuman fashion, tortured until he bit his lip through in his agony, and was left with only strength enough to crawl away and to die. Who had done this barbarous deed? There were, it is true, small grottos and caves in the base of the cliffs, but the low sun shone directly into them, and there was no place for concealment. Then, again, there were those distant figures on the beach. They seemed too far away to have been connected with the crime, and the broad lagoon in which McPherson had intended to bathe lay between him and them, lapping up to the rocks. On the sea two or three fishing-boats were at no great distance. Their occupants might be examined at our leisure. There were several roads for inquiry, but none which led to any very obvious goal.
Holmes: I'd be glad of your advice, Mr. Holmes. This is a big thing for me to handle, and I'll hear of it from Lewes if I go wrong.
###
Unknown: I'd be glad of your advice, Mr. Holmes. This is a big thing for me to handle, and I'll hear of it from Lewes if I go wrong.
Holmes: I advised him to send for his immediate superior, and for a doctor; also to allow nothing to be moved, and as few fresh footmarks as possible to be made, until they came. In the meantime I searched the dead man's pockets. There were his handkerchief, a large knife, and a small folding card-case. From this projected a slip of paper, which I unfolded and handed to the constable. There was written on it in a scrawling, feminine hand: I will be there, you may be sure. Maudie. It read like a love affair, an assignation, though when and where were a blank. The constable replaced it in the card-case and returned it with the other things to the pockets of the Burberry. Then, as nothing more suggested itself, I walked back to my house for breakfast, having first arranged that the base of the cliffs should be thoroughly searched.
Stackhurst: Stackhurst was round in an hour or two to tell me that the body had been removed to The Gables, where the inquest would be held. He brought with him some serious and definite news. As I expected, nothing had been found in the small caves below the cliff, but he had examined the papers in McPherson's desk, and there were several which showed an intimate correspondence with a certain Miss Maud Bellamy, of Fulworth. We had then established the identity of the writer of the note. "The police have the letters," he explained. "I could not bring them. But there is no doubt that it was a serious love affair. I see no reason, however, to connect it with that horrible happening save, indeed, that the lady had made an appointment with him." "But hardly at a bathing-pool which all of you were in the habit of using," I remarked. "It is mere chance," said he, "that several of the students were not with McPherson." "Was it mere chance?" Stackhurst knit his brows in thought.
###
Maud Bellamy: I know already that Fitzroy is dead. Do not be afraid to tell me the particulars.
Father: This other gentleman of yours let us know the news.
Younger Man: There is no reason why my sister should be brought into the matter.
Maud Bellamy: This is my business, William. Kindly leave me to manage it in my own way. By all accounts there has been a crime committed. If I can help to show who did it, it is the least I can do for him who is gone.
Narrator: She listened to a short account from my companion, with a composed concentration which showed me that she possessed strong character as well as great beauty. Maud Bellamy will always remain in my memory as a most complete and remarkable woman. It seems that she already knew me by sight, for she turned to me at the end.
Maud Bellamy: Bring them to justice, Mr. Holmes. You have my sympathy and my help, whoever they may be.
Narrator: It seemed to me that she glanced defiantly at her father and brother as she spoke.
Holmes: Thank you. I value a woman's instinct in such matters. You use the word 'they.' You think that more than one was concerned?
Maud Bellamy: I knew Mr. McPherson well enough to be aware that he was a brave and a strong man. No single person could ever have inflicted such an outrage upon him.
Holmes: Might I have one word with you alone?
Father: I tell you, Maud, not to mix yourself up in the matter.
Maud Bellamy: What can I do?
Holmes: The whole world will know the facts presently, so there can be no harm if I discuss them here. I should have preferred privacy, but if your father will not allow it he must share the deliberations. Then I spoke of the note which had been found in the dead man's pocket. It is sure to be produced at the inquest. May I ask you to throw any light upon it that you can?
###
Holmes: A most ingenious comparison. Or shall we say a very stiff cat-o'-nine-tails with small hard knots upon it?
Bardle: By Jove, Mr. Holmes, I think you have hit it.
Holmes: Or there may be some very different cause, Mr. Bardle. But your case is far too weak for an arrest. Besides, we have those last words--the 'Lion's Mane.'
Bardle: I have wondered whether Ian--
Holmes: Yes, I have considered that. If the second word had borne any resemblance to Murdoch--but it did not. He gave it almost in a shriek. I am sure that it was 'Mane.'
Bardle: Have you no alternative, Mr. Holmes?
Holmes: Perhaps I have. But I do not care to discuss it until there is something more solid to discuss.
Bardle: And when will that be?
Holmes: In an hour- possibly less.
Inspector: I wish I could see what was in your mind, Mr. Holmes. Perhaps it's those fishing-boats.
Holmes: No, no, they were too far out.
Inspector: Well, then, is it Bellamy and that big son of his? They were not too sweet upon Mr. McPherson. Could they have done him a mischief?
Holmes: No, no, you won't draw me until I am ready. Now, Inspector, we each have our own work to do. Perhaps if you were to meet me here at midday--
Murdoch: Brandy! Brandy!
Stackhurst: Yes, yes, brandy! The man is at his last gasp. It was all I could do to bring him here. He fainted twice upon the way.
###
Stackhurst: Yes, yes, brandy! The man is at his last gasp. It was all I could do to bring him here. He fainted twice upon the way.
Stackhurst: For God's sake, oil, opium, morphia! Anything to ease this infernal agony!
Inspector: My God! What is it, Holmes? What is it?
Stackhurst: Where did you find him?
Stackhurst: Down on the beach. Exactly where poor McPherson met his end. If this man's heart had been weak as McPherson's was, he would not be here now. More than once I thought he was gone as I brought him up. It was too far to The Gables, so I made for you.
Holmes: Did you see him on the beach?
###
Stackhurst: Did you see him on the beach?
Watson: I was walking on the cliff when I heard his cry. He was at the edge of the water, reeling about like a drunken man. I ran down, threw some clothes about him, and brought him up. For heaven's sake, Holmes, use all the powers you have and spare no pains to lift the curse from this place, for life is becoming unendurable. Can you, with all your world-wide reputation, do nothing for us?
Holmes: I think I can, Stackhurst. Come with me now! And you, Inspector, come along! We will see if we cannot deliver this murderer into your hands.
Watson: Leaving the unconscious man in the charge of my housekeeper, we all three went down to the deadly lagoon. On the shingle there was piled a little heap of towels and clothes left by the stricken man. Slowly I walked round the edge of the water, my comrades in Indian file behind me. Most of the pool was quite shallow, but under the cliff where the beach was hollowed out it was four or five feet deep. It was to this part that a swimmer would naturally go, for it formed a beautiful pellucid green pool as clear as crystal. A line of rocks lay above it at the base of the cliff, and along this I led the way, peering eagerly into the depths beneath me. I had reached the deepest and stillest pool when my eyes caught that for which they were searching, and I burst into a shout of triumph.
Watson: Cyanea! I cried. Cyanea! Behold the Lion's Mane!
Watson: It has done mischief enough. Its day is over! I cried. Help me, Stackhurst! Let us end the murderer forever.
###
Narrator: Could our sinister acquaintance be more clearly described?
Wood: He goes on to tell of his own encounter with one when swimming off the coast of Kent. He found that the creature radiated almost invisible filaments to the distance of fifty feet, and that anyone within that circumference from the deadly centre was in danger of death. Even at a distance the effect upon Wood was almost fatal. The multitudinous threads caused light scarlet lines upon the skin which on closer examination resolved into minute dots or pustules, each dot charged as it were with a red-hot needle making its way through the nerves. The local pain was, as he explains, the least part of the exquisite torment. Pangs shot through the chest, causing me to fall as if struck by a bullet. The pulsation would cease, and then the heart would give six or seven leaps as if it would force its way through the chest. It nearly killed him, although he had only been exposed to it in the disturbed ocean and not in the narrow calm waters of a bathing-pool. He says that he could hardly recognize himself afterwards, so white, wrinkled and shrivelled was his face. He gulped down brandy, a whole bottleful, and it seems to have saved his life. There is the book, Inspector. I leave it with you, and you cannot doubt that it contains a full explanation of the tragedy of poor McPherson.
Ian Murdoch: And incidentally exonerates me, I do not blame you, Inspector, nor you, Mr. Holmes, for your suspicions were natural. I feel that on the very eve of my arrest I have only cleared myself by sharing the fate of my poor friend.
Holmes: No, Mr. Murdoch. I was already upon the track, and had I been out as early as I intended I might well have saved you from this terrific experience.
Ian Murdoch: But how did you know, Mr. Holmes?
###
Holmes: No, Mr. Murdoch. I was already upon the track, and had I been out as early as I intended I might well have saved you from this terrific experience.
Murdoch: But how did you know, Mr. Holmes?
Holmes: I am an omnivorous reader with a strangely retentive memory for trifles. That phrase 'the Lion's Mane' haunted my mind. I knew that I had seen it somewhere in an unexpected context. You have seen that it does describe the creature. I have no doubt that it was floating on the water when McPherson saw it, and that this phrase was the only one by which he could convey to us a warning as to the creature which had been his death.
Murdoch: Then I, at least, am cleared. There are one or two words of explanation which I should give, for I know the direction in which your inquiries have run. It is true that I loved this lady, but from the day when she chose my friend McPherson my one desire was to help her to happiness. I was well content to stand aside and act as their go-between. Often I carried their messages, and it was because I was in their confidence and because she was so dear to me that I hastened to tell her of my friend's death, lest someone should forestall me in a more sudden and heartless manner. She would not tell you, sir, of our relations lest you should disapprove and I might suffer. But with your leave I must try to get back to The Gables, for my bed will be very welcome.
Stackhurst: Our nerves have all been at concert-pitch, Forgive what is past, Murdoch. We shall understand each other better in the future.
Inspector: Well, you've done it! I had read of you, but I never believed it. It's wonderful!
Holmes: I was forced to shake my head. To accept such praise was to lower one's own standards.
###
Holmes: Well, you've done it! I had read of you, but I never believed it. It's wonderful!
Watson: I was forced to shake my head. To accept such praise was to lower one's own standards.
Holmes: I was slow at the outset--culpably slow. Had the body been found in the water I could hardly have missed it. It was the towel which misled me. The poor fellow had never thought to dry himself, and so I in turn was led to believe that he had never been in the water. Why, then, should the attack of any water creature suggest itself to me? That was where I went astray. Well, well, Inspector, I often ventured to chaff you gentlemen of the police force, but Cyanea capillata very nearly avenged Scotland Yard.
###
Watson: This is Mrs. Merrilow, of South Brixton. Mrs. Merrilow does not object to tobacco, Watson, if you wish to indulge your filthy habits. Mrs. Merrilow has an interesting story to tell which may well lead to further developments in which your presence may be useful.
Watson: Anything I can do-
Holmes: You will understand, Mrs. Merrilow, that if I come to Mrs. Ronder I should prefer to have a witness. You will make her understand that before we arrive.
Mrs. Merrilow: Lord bless you, Mr. Holmes, she is that anxious to see you that you might bring the whole parish at your heels!
Holmes: Then we shall come early in the afternoon. Let us see that we have our facts correct before we start. If we go over them it will help Dr. Watson to understand the situation. You say that Mrs. Ronder has been your lodger for seven years and that you have only once seen her face.
Mrs. Merrilow: And I wish to God I had not! It was, I understand, terribly mutilated.
Mrs. Merrilow: Well, Mr. Holmes, you would hardly say it was a face at all. That's how it looked. Our milkman got a glimpse of her once peeping out of the upper window, and he dropped his tin and the milk all over the front garden. That is the kind of face it is. When I saw her--I happened on her unawares--she covered up quick, and then she said, 'Now, Mrs. Merrilow, you know at last why it is that I never raise my veil.'
Holmes: Do you know anything about her history?
Mrs. Merrilow: Nothing at all.
Holmes: Did she give references when she came?
Mrs. Merrilow: No, sir, but she gave hard cash, and plenty of it. A quarter's rent right down on the table in advance and no arguing about terms. In these times a poor woman like me can't afford to turn down a chance like that.
###
Mrs. Merrilow: I don't, Mr. Holmes. I am quite satisfied so long as I get my rent. You could not have a quieter lodger, or one who gives less trouble.
Holmes: Then what has brought matters to a head?
Mrs. Merrilow: Her health, Mr. Holmes. She seems to be wasting away. And there's something terrible on her mind. 'Murder!' she cries. 'Murder!' And once I heard her: 'You cruel beast! You monster!' she cried. It was in the night, and it fair rang through the house and sent the shivers through me. So I went to her in the morning. 'Mrs. Ronder,' I says, 'if you have anything that is troubling your soul, there's the clergy,' I says, 'and there's the police. Between them you should get some help.' 'For God's sake, not the police!' says she, 'and the clergy can't change what is past. And yet,' she says, 'it would ease my mind if someone knew the truth before I died.' 'Well,' says I, 'if you won't have the regulars, there is this detective man what we read about'--beggin' your pardon, Mr. Holmes. And she, she fair jumped at it. 'That's the man,' says she. 'I wonder I never thought of it before. Bring him here, Mrs. Merrilow, and if he won't come, tell him I am the wife of Ronder's wild beast show. Say that, and give him the name Abbas Parva. Here it is as she wrote it, Abbas Parva. 'That will bring him if he's the man I think he is.'
Holmes: And it will, too. Very good, Mrs. Merrilow. I should like to have a little chat with Dr. Watson. That will carry us till lunch-time. About three o'clock you may expect to see us at your house in Brixton.
###
Holmes: And it will, too. Very good, Mrs. Merrilow. I should like to have a little chat with Dr. Watson. That will carry us till lunch-time. About three o'clock you may expect to see us at your house in Brixton.
Holmes: The case worried me at the time, Watson. Here are my marginal notes to prove it. I confess that I could make nothing of it. And yet I was convinced that the coroner was wrong. Have you no recollection of the Abbas Parva tragedy?
Watson: None, Holmes.
Holmes: And yet you were with me then. But certainly my own impression was very superficial. For there was nothing to go by, and none of the parties had engaged my services. Perhaps you would care to read the papers?
Watson: Could you not give me the points?
Holmes: That is very easily done. It will probably come back to your memory as I talk. Ronder, of course, was a household word. He was the rival of Wombwell, and of Sanger, one of the greatest showmen of his day. There is evidence, however, that he took to drink, and that both he and his show were on the down grade at the time of the great tragedy. The caravan had halted for the night at Abbas Parva, which is a small village in Berkshire, when this horror occurred. They were on their way to Wimbledon, travelling by road, and they were simply camping and not exhibiting, as the place is so small a one that it would not have paid them to open.
###
Watson: It seems that the whole camp was roused near midnight by the roars of the animal and the screams of the woman. The different grooms and employees rushed from their tents, carrying lanterns, and by their light an awful sight was revealed. Ronder lay, with the back of his head crushed in and deep claw-marks across his scalp, some ten yards from the cage, which was open. Close to the door of the cage lay Mrs. Ronder upon her back, with the creature squatting and snarling above her. It had torn her face in such a fashion that it was never thought that she could live. Several of the circus men, headed by Leonardo, the strong man, and Griggs, the clown, drove the creature off with poles, upon which it sprang back into the cage and was at once locked in. How it had got loose was a mystery. It was conjectured that the pair intended to enter the cage, but that when the door was loosed the creature bounded out upon them. There was no other point of interest in the evidence save that the woman in a delirium of agony kept screaming, 'Coward! Coward!' as she was carried back to the van in which they lived. It was six months before she was fit to give evidence, but the inquest was duly held, with the obvious verdict of death from misadventure.
Holmes: What alternative could be conceived?
Watson: You may well say so. And yet there were one or two points which worried young Edmunds, of the Berkshire Constabulary. A smart lad that! He was sent later to Allahabad. That was how I came into the matter, for he dropped in and smoked a pipe or two over it.
Holmes: A thin, yellow-haired man?
Watson: Exactly. I was sure you would pick up the trail presently.
Watson: But what worried him?
###
Holmes: A thin, yellow-haired man?
Watson: Exactly. I was sure you would pick up the trail presently.
Holmes: Well, we were both worried. It was so deucedly difficult to reconstruct the affair. Look at it from the lion's point of view. He is liberated. What does he do? He takes half a dozen bounds forward, which brings him to Ronder. Ronder turns to fly--the claw-marks were on the back of his head--but the lion strikes him down. Then, instead of bounding on and escaping, he returns to the woman, who was close to the cage, and he knocks her over and chews her face up. Then, again, those cries of hers would seem to imply that her husband had in some way failed her. What could the poor devil have done to help her? You see the difficulty?
Watson: Quite.
Holmes: And then there was another thing. It comes back to me now as I think it over. There was some evidence that just at the time the lion roared and the woman screamed, a man began shouting in terror.
Watson: This man Ronder, no doubt.
Holmes: Well, if his skull was smashed in you would hardly expect to hear from him again. There were at least two witnesses who spoke of the cries of a man being mingled with those of a woman.
Watson: I should think the whole camp was crying out by then. As to the other points, I think I could suggest a solution.
Holmes: I should be glad to consider it.
Watson: The two were together, ten yards from the cage, when the lion got loose. The man turned and was struck down. The woman conceived the idea of getting into the cage and shutting the door. It was her only refuge. She made for it, and just as she reached it the beast bounded after her and knocked her over. She was angry with her husband for having encouraged the beast's rage by turning. If they had faced it they might have cowed it. Hence her cries of 'Coward!'
Holmes: Brilliant, Watson! Only one flaw in your diamond.
Watson: What is the flaw, Holmes?
Holmes: If they were both ten paces from the cage, how came the beast to get loose?
Watson: Is it possible that they had some enemy who loosed it?
###
Holmes: Brilliant, Watson! Only one flaw in your diamond.
Watson: What is the flaw, Holmes?
Holmes: If they were both ten paces from the cage, how came the beast to get loose?
Watson: Is it possible that they had some enemy who loosed it?
Holmes: And why should it attack them savagely when it was in the habit of playing with them, and doing tricks with them inside the cage?
Watson: Possibly the same enemy had done something to enrage it.
Holmes: Well, Watson, there is this to be said for your theory. Ronder was a man of many enemies. Edmunds told me that in his cups he was horrible. A huge bully of a man, he cursed and slashed at everyone who came in his way. I expect those cries about a monster, of which our visitor has spoken, were nocturnal reminiscences of the dear departed. However, our speculations are futile until we have all the facts. There is a cold partridge on the sideboard, Watson, and a bottle of Montrachet. Let us renew our energies before we make a fresh call upon them.
Watson: When our hansom deposited us at the house of Mrs. Merrilow, we found that plump lady blocking up the open door of her humble but retired abode. It was very clear that her chief preoccupation was lest she should lose a valuable lodger, and she implored us, before showing us up, to say and do nothing which could lead to so undesirable an end. Then, having reassured her, we followed her up the straight, badly carpeted staircase and were shown into the room of the mysterious lodger.
###
Narrator: It was a close, musty, ill-ventilated place, as might be expected, since its inmate seldom left it. From keeping beasts in a cage, the woman seemed, by some retribution of fate, to have become herself a beast in a cage. She sat now in a broken armchair in the shadowy corner of the room. Long years of inaction had coarsened the lines of her figure, but at some period it must have been beautiful, and was still full and voluptuous. A thick dark veil covered her face, but it was cut off close at her upper lip and disclosed a perfectly shaped mouth and a delicately rounded chin. I could well conceive that she had indeed been a very remarkable woman. Her voice, too, was well modulated and pleasing.
Woman: My name is not unfamiliar to you, Mr. Holmes. I thought that it would bring you.
Holmes: That is so, madam, though I do not know how you are aware that I was interested in your case.
Woman: I learned it when I had recovered my health and was examined by Mr. Edmunds, the county detective. I fear I lied to him. Perhaps it would have been wiser had I told the truth.
Holmes: It is usually wiser to tell the truth. But why did you lie to him?
Woman: Because the fate of someone else depended upon it. I know that he was a very worthless being, and yet I would not have his destruction upon my conscience. We had been so close--so close!
Holmes: But has this impediment been removed?
Woman: Yes, sir. The person that I allude to is dead.
Holmes: Then why should you not now tell the police anything you know?
Woman: Because there is another person to be considered. That other person is myself. I could not stand the scandal and publicity which would come from a police examination. I have not long to live, but I wish to die undisturbed. And yet I wanted to find one man of judgment to whom I could tell my terrible story, so that when I am gone all might be understood.
Holmes: You compliment me, madam. At the same time, I am a responsible person. I do not promise you that when you have spoken I may not myself think it my duty to refer the case to the police.
###
Holmes: You compliment me, madam. At the same time, I am a responsible person. I do not promise you that when you have spoken I may not myself think it my duty to refer the case to the police.
Woman: I think not, Mr. Holmes. I know your character and methods too well, for I have followed your work for some years. Reading is the only pleasure which fate has left me, and I miss little which passes in the world. But in any case, I will take my chance of the use which you may make of my tragedy. It will ease my mind to tell it.
Holmes: My friend and I would be glad to hear it.
Woman: That is Leonardo. Leonardo, the strong man, who gave evidence? The same. And this- this is my husband. It was a dreadful face--a human pig, or rather a human wild boar, for it was formidable in its bestiality. One could imagine that vile mouth champing and foaming in its rage, and one could conceive those small, vicious eyes darting pure malignancy as they looked forth upon the world. Ruffian, bully, beast--it was all written on that heavy-jowled face.
###
Narrator: And then the terrible thing happened. You may have heard how quick these creatures are to scent human blood, and how it excites them. Some strange instinct had told the creature in one instant that a human being had been slain. As I slipped the bars it bounded out and was on me in an instant. Leonardo could have saved me. If he had rushed forward and struck the beast with his club he might have cowed it. But the man lost his nerve. I heard him shout in his terror, and then I saw him turn and fly. At the same instant the teeth of the lion met in my face. Its hot, filthy breath had already poisoned me and I was hardly conscious of pain. With the palms of my hands I tried to push the great steaming, blood-stained jaws away from me, and I screamed for help. I was conscious that the camp was stirring, and then dimly I remembered a group of men. Leonardo, Griggs, and others, dragging me from under the creature's paws. That was my last memory, Mr. Holmes, for many a weary month. When I came to myself and saw myself in the mirror, I cursed that lion--oh, how I cursed him!--not because he had torn away my beauty but because he had not torn away my life. I had but one desire, Mr. Holmes, and I had enough money to gratify it. It was that I should cover myself so that my poor face should be seen by none, and that I should dwell where none whom I had ever known should find me. That was all that was left to me to do--and that is what I have done. A poor wounded beast that has crawled into its hole to die--that is the end of Eugenia Ronder.
Holmes: Poor girl! Poor girl! The ways of fate are indeed hard to understand. If there is not some compensation hereafter, then the world is a cruel jest. But what of this man Leonardo?
###
Holmes: Poor girl! Poor girl! The ways of fate are indeed hard to understand. If there is not some compensation hereafter, then the world is a cruel jest. But what of this man Leonardo?
Woman: I never saw him or heard from him again. Perhaps I have been wrong to feel so bitterly against him. He might as soon have loved one of the freaks whom we carried round the country as the thing which the lion had left. But a woman's love is not so easily set aside. He had left me under the beast's claws, he had deserted me in my need, and yet I could not bring myself to give him to the gallows. For myself, I cared nothing what became of me. What could be more dreadful than my actual life? But I stood between Leonardo and his fate.
Holmes: And he is dead?
Woman: He was drowned last month when bathing near Margate. I saw his death in the paper.
Holmes: And what did he do with this five-clawed club, which is the most singular and ingenious part of all your story?
Woman: I cannot tell, Mr. Holmes. There is a chalk-pit by the camp, with a deep green pool at the base of it. Perhaps in the depths of that pool--
Holmes: Well, well, it is of little consequence now. The case is closed.
Woman: Yes, the case is closed.
Holmes: Your life is not your own. Keep your hands off it.
Woman: What use is it to anyone?
Holmes: How can you tell? The example of patient suffering is in itself the most precious of all lessons to an impatient world.
Woman: I wonder if you would bear it.
Holmes: *gesture of pity and protest*
Woman: *raised her veil and stepped forward into the light*
###
Watson: Prussic acid?
Holmes: Exactly. It came by post. 'I send you my temptation. I will follow your advice.' That was the message. I think, Watson, we can guess the name of the brave woman who sent it.
Holmes: It is glue, Watson. Unquestionably it is glue. Have a look at these scattered objects in the field!
Watson: Those hairs are threads from a tweed coat. The irregular gray masses are dust. There are epithelial scales on the left. Those brown blobs in the centre are undoubtedly glue.
Holmes: Well, I am prepared to take your word for it. Does anything depend upon it?
Watson: It is a very fine demonstration. In the St. Pancras case you may remember that a cap was found beside the dead policeman. The accused man denies that it is his. But he is a picture-frame maker who habitually handles glue.
Holmes: Is it one of your cases?
Watson: No; my friend, Merivale, of the Yard, asked me to look into the case. Since I ran down that coiner by the zinc and copper filings in the seam of his cuff they have begun to realize the importance of the microscope.
Holmes: I had a new client calling, but he is overdue. By the way, Watson, you know something of racing?
Watson: I ought to. I pay for it with about half my wound pension.
Holmes: Then I'll make you my 'Handy Guide to the Turf.' What about Sir Robert Norberton? Does the name recall anything?
Watson: Well, I should say so. He lives at Shoscombe Old Place, and I know it well, for my summer quarters were down there once. Norberton nearly came within your province once.
Watson: How was that?
###
Watson: Well, I should say so. He lives at Shoscombe Old Place, and I know it well, for my summer quarters were down there once. Norberton nearly came within your province once.
Holmes: How was that?
Watson: It was when he horsewhipped Sam Brewer, the well-known Curzon Street money-lender, on Newmarket Heath. He nearly killed the man.
Holmes: Ah, he sounds interesting! Does he often indulge in that way?
Watson: Well, he has the name of being a dangerous man. He is about the most daredevil rider in England--second in the Grand National a few years back. He is one of those men who have overshot their true generation. He should have been a buck in the days of the Regency--a boxer, an athlete, a plunger on the turf, a lover of fair ladies, and, by all account, so far down Queer Street that he may never find his way back again.
Holmes: Capital, Watson! A thumb-nail sketch. I seem to know the man. Now, can you give me some idea of Shoscombe Old Place?
Watson: Only that it is in the centre of Shoscombe Park, and that the famous Shoscombe stud and training quarters are to be found there.
Holmes: And the head trainer is John Mason. You need not look surprised at my knowledge, Watson, for this is a letter from him which I am unfolding. But let us have some more about Shoscombe. I seem to have struck a rich vein.
Watson: There are the Shoscombe spaniels. You hear of them at every dog show. The most exclusive breed in England. They are the special pride of the lady of Shoscombe Old Place.
Holmes: Sir Robert Norberton's wife, I presume!
Watson: Sir Robert has never married. Just as well, I think, considering his prospects. He lives with his widowed sister, Lady Beatrice Falder.
Holmes: You mean that she lives with him?
Watson: No, no. The place belonged to her late husband, Sir James. Norberton has no claim on it at all. It is only a life interest and reverts to her husband's brother. Meantime, she draws the rents every year.
Holmes: And brother Robert, I suppose, spends the said rents?
###
Watson: And brother Robert, I suppose, spends the said rents?
Holmes: That is about the size of it. He is a devil of a fellow and must lead her a most uneasy life. Yet I have heard that she is devoted to him. But what is amiss at Shoscombe?
Watson: Ah, that is just what I want to know. And here, I expect, is the man who can tell us.
Narrator: The door had opened and the page had shown in a tall, clean-shaven man with the firm, austere expression which is only seen upon those who have to control horses or boys. Mr. John Mason had many of both under his sway, and he looked equal to the task. He bowed with cold self-possession and seated himself upon the chair to which Holmes had waved him.
John Mason: You had my note, Mr. Holmes?
Holmes: Yes, but it explained nothing.
John Mason: It was too delicate a thing for me to put the details on paper. And too complicated. It was only face to face I could do it.
Holmes: Well, we are at your disposal.
John Mason: First of all, Mr. Holmes, I think that my employer, Sir Robert, has gone mad.
Holmes: This is Baker Street, not Harley Street. But why do you say so?
John Mason: Well, sir, when a man does one queer thing, or two queer things, there may be a meaning to it, but when everything he does is queer, then you begin to wonder. I believe Shoscombe Prince and the Derby have turned his brain.
Holmes: That is a colt you are running?
John Mason: The best in England, Mr. Holmes. I should know, if anyone does. Now, I'll be plain with you, for I know you are gentlemen of honour and that it won't go beyond the room. Sir Robert has got to win this Derby. He's up to the neck, and it's his last chance. Everything he could raise or borrow is on the horse--and at fine odds, too! You can get forties now, but it was nearer the hundred when he began to back him.
Holmes: But how is that if the horse is so good?
###
Watson: Did she drink before this estrangement?
Mason: Well, she took her glass, but now it is often a whole bottle of an evening. So Stephens, the butler, told me. It's all changed, Mr. Holmes, and there is something damned rotten about it. But then, again, what is master doing down at the old church crypt at night? And who is the man that meets him there?
Holmes: Go on, Mr. Mason. You get more and more interesting.
Mason: It was the butler who saw him go. Twelve o'clock at night and raining hard. So next night I was up at the house and, sure enough, master was off again. Stephens and I went after him, but it was jumpy work, for it would have been a bad job if he had seen us. He's a terrible man with his fists if he gets started, and no respecter of persons. So we were shy of getting too near, but we marked him down all right. It was the haunted crypt that he was making for, and there was a man waiting for him there.
Holmes: What is this haunted crypt?
Mason: Well, sir, there is an old ruined chapel in the park. It is so old that nobody could fix its date. And under it there's a crypt which has a bad name among us. It's a dark, damp, lonely place by day, but there are few in that county that would have the nerve to go near it at night. But master's not afraid. He never feared anything in his life. But what is he doing there in the night-time?
Holmes: Wait a bit! You say there is another man there. It must be one of your own stablemen, or someone from the house! Surely you have only to spot who it is and question him?
Mason: It's no one I know.
Holmes: How can you say that?
###
Holmes: Wait a bit! You say there is another man there. It must be one of your own stablemen, or someone from the house! Surely you have only to spot who it is and question him?
Mr. Mason: It's no one I know.
Holmes: How can you say that?
Mr. Mason: Because I have seen him, Mr. Holmes. It was on that second night. Sir Robert turned and passed us--me and Stephens, quaking in the bushes like two bunny-rabbits, for there was a bit of moon that night. But we could hear the other moving about behind. We were not afraid of him. So we up when Sir Robert was gone and pretended we were just having a walk like in the moonlight, and so we came right on him as casual and innocent as you please. 'Hullo, mate! who may you be?' says I. I guess he had not heard us coming, so he looked over his shoulder with a face as if he had seen the devil coming out of hell. He let out a yell, and away he went as hard as he could lick it in the darkness. He could run!--I'll give him that. In a minute he was out of sight and hearing, and who he was, or what he was, we never found.
Holmes: But you saw him clearly in the moonlight?
Mr. Mason: Yes, I would swear to his yellow face--a mean dog, I should say. What could he have in common with Sir Robert?
Holmes: Who keeps Lady Beatrice Falder company?
Mr. Mason: There is her maid, Carrie Evans. She has been with her this five years.
Holmes: And is, no doubt, devoted?
Mr. Mason: She's devoted enough. But I won't say to whom.
Holmes: I can't tell tales out of school.
Mr. Mason: I quite understand, Mr. Mason. Of course, the situation is clear enough. From Dr. Watson's description of Sir Robert I can realize that no woman is safe from him. Don't you think the quarrel between brother and sister may lie there?
Mr. Mason: Well, the scandal has been pretty clear for a long time.
###
Watson: Well, the scandal has been pretty clear for a long time.
Holmes: But she may not have seen it before. Let us suppose that she has suddenly found it out. She wants to get rid of the woman. Her brother will not permit it. The invalid, with her weak heart and inability to get about, has no means of enforcing her will. The hated maid is still tied to her. The lady refuses to speak, sulks, takes to drink. Sir Robert in his anger takes her pet spaniel away from her. Does not all this hang together?
Watson: Well, it might do--so far as it goes.
Holmes: Exactly! As far as it goes. How would all that bear upon the visits by night to the old crypt? We can't fit that into our plot.
Watson: No, sir, and there is something more that I can't fit in. Why should Sir Robert want to dig up a dead body?
Holmes: We only found it out yesterday--after I had written to you. Yesterday Sir Robert had gone to London, so Stephens and I went down to the crypt. It was all in order, sir, except that in one corner was a bit of a human body.
Watson: You informed the police, I suppose?
Holmes: Well, sir, I think it would hardly interest them. It was just the head and a few bones of a mummy. It may have been a thousand years old. But it wasn't there before. That I'll swear, and so will Stephens. It had been stowed away in a corner and covered over with a board, but that corner had always been empty before.
Watson: What did you do with it?
Holmes: Well, we just left it there.
Watson: That was wise. You say Sir Robert was away yesterday. Has he returned?
Holmes: We expect him back to-day.
Watson: When did Sir Robert give away his sister's dog?
Holmes: It was just a week ago to-day. The creature was howling outside the old well-house, and Sir Robert was in one of his tantrums that morning. He caught it up, and I thought he would have killed it. Then he gave it to Sandy Bain, the jockey, and told him to take the dog to old Barnes at the Green Dragon, for he never wished to see it again.
###
Holmes: I am not clear yet what you want me to do in this matter, Mr. Mason. Can't you make it more definite?
Mason: Perhaps this will make it more definite, Mr. Holmes.
Holmes: Where did you get it?
Mason: There is a central heating furnace in the cellar under Lady Beatrice's room. It's been off for some time, but Sir Robert complained of cold and had it on again. Harvey runs it--he's one of my lads. This very morning he came to me with this which he found raking out the cinders. He didn't like the look of it.
Holmes: What do you make of it, Watson?
Watson: It's the upper condyle of a human femur.
Holmes: When does this lad tend to the furnace?
Mason: He makes it up every evening and then leaves it.
Holmes: Then anyone could visit it during the night?
Mason: Yes, sir.
Holmes: Can you enter it from outside?
Mason: There is one door from outside. There is another which leads up by a stair to the passage in which Lady Beatrice's room is situated.
Holmes: These are deep waters, Mr. Mason; deep and rather dirty. You say that Sir Robert was not at home last night?
Mason: No, sir.
Holmes: Then, whoever was burning bones, it was not he.
Mason: That's true, sir.
Holmes: What is the name of that inn you spoke of?
Mason: The Green Dragon.
Holmes: Is there good fishing in that part of Berkshire?
Mason: Well, sir, I've heard there are trout in the mill-stream and pike in the Hall lake.
###
Unknown: Well, sir, I've heard there are trout in the mill-stream and pike in the Hall lake.
Holmes: That's good enough. Watson and I are famous fishermen--are we not, Watson? You may address us in future at the Green Dragon. We should reach it to-night. I need not say that we don't want to see you, Mr. Mason, but a note will reach us, and no doubt I could find you if I want you. When we have gone a little farther into the matter I will let you have a considered opinion.
Holmes: What about the Hall lake and the chance of a pike?
Innkeeper: That wouldn't do, sir. You might chance to find yourself in the lake before you were through.
Holmes: How's that, then?
Innkeeper: It's Sir Robert, sir. He's terrible jealous of touts. If you two strangers were as near his training quarters as that he'd be after you as sure as fate. He ain't taking no chances, Sir Robert ain't.
Innkeeper: Yes, and a good colt, too. He carries all our money for the race, and all Sir Robert's into the bargain. By the way, I suppose you ain't on the turf yourselves?
Holmes: No, indeed. Just two weary Londoners who badly need some good Berkshire air.
Innkeeper: Well, you are in the right place for that. There is a deal of it lying about. But mind what I have told you about Sir Robert. He's the sort that strikes first and speaks afterwards. Keep clear of the park.
Holmes: Surely, Mr. Barnes! We certainly shall. By the way, that was a most beautiful spaniel that was whining in the hall.
###
Holmes: Surely, Mr. Barnes! We certainly shall. By the way, that was a most beautiful spaniel that was whining in the hall.
Barnes: I should say it was. That was the real Shoscombe breed. There ain't a better in England.
Holmes: I am a dog-fancier myself. Now, if it is a fair question, what would a prize dog like that cost?
Barnes: More than I could pay, sir. It was Sir Robert himself who gave me this one. That's why I have to keep it on a lead. It would be off to the Hall in a jiffy if I gave it its head.
Holmes: We are getting some cards in our hand, Watson. It's not an easy one to play, but we may see our way in a day or two. By the way, Sir Robert is still in London, I hear. We might, perhaps, enter the sacred domain to-night without fear of bodily assault. There are one or two points on which I should like reassurance.
Watson: Have you any theory, Holmes?
Holmes: Only this, Watson, that something happened a week or so ago which has cut deep into the life of the Shoscombe household. What is that something? We can only guess at it from its effects. They seem to be of a curiously mixed character. But that should surely help us. It is only the colourless, uneventful case which is hopeless.
Holmes: Let us consider our data. The brother no longer visits the beloved invalid sister. He gives away her favourite dog. Her dog, Watson! Does that suggest nothing to you?
Watson: Nothing but the brother's spite.
Holmes: Well, it might be so. Or--well, there is an alternative. Now to continue our review of the situation from the time that the quarrel, if there is a quarrel, began. The lady keeps her room, alters her habits, is not seen save when she drives out with her maid, refuses to stop at the stables to greet her favourite horse, and apparently takes to drink. That covers the case, does it not?
Watson: Save for the business in the crypt.
Holmes: That is another line of thought. There are two, and I beg you will not tangle them. Line A, which concerns Lady Beatrice, has a vaguely sinister flavour, has it not?
###
Holmes: Save for the business in the crypt.
Watson: That is another line of thought. There are two, and I beg you will not tangle them. Line A, which concerns Lady Beatrice, has a vaguely sinister flavour, has it not?
Watson: I can make nothing of it.
Holmes: Well, now, let us take up line B, which concerns Sir Robert. He is mad keen upon winning the Derby. He is in the hands of the Jews, and may at any moment be sold up and his racing stables seized by his creditors. He is a daring and desperate man. He derives his income from his sister. His sister's maid is his willing tool. So far we seem to be on fairly safe ground, do we not?
Watson: But the crypt?
Holmes: Ah, yes, the crypt! Let us suppose, Watson--it is merely a scandalous supposition, a hypothesis put forward for argument's sake--that Sir Robert has done away with his sister.
Watson: My dear Holmes, it is out of the question.
Holmes: Very possibly, Watson. Sir Robert is a man of an honourable stock. But you do occasionally find a carrion crow among the eagles. Let us for a moment argue upon this supposition. He could not fly the country until he had realized his fortune, and that fortune could only be realized by bringing off this coup with Shoscombe Prince. Therefore, he has still to stand his ground. To do this he would have to dispose of the body of his victim, and he would also have to find a substitute who would impersonate her. With the maid as his confidante that would not be impossible. The woman's body might be conveyed to the crypt, which is a place so seldom visited, and it might be secretly destroyed at night in the furnace, leaving behind it such evidence as we have already seen. What say you to that, Watson?
Watson: Well, it is all possible if you grant the original monstrous supposition.
###
Holmes: Well, it is all possible if you grant the original monstrous supposition.
Holmes: I think that there is a small experiment which we may try to-morrow, Watson, in order to throw some light on the matter. Meanwhile, if we mean to keep up our characters, I suggest that we have our host in for a glass of his own wine and hold some high converse upon eels and dace, which seems to be the straight road to his affections. We may chance to come upon some useful local gossip in the process.
Holmes: This is the place. About midday, Mr. Barnes informs me, the old lady takes a drive, and the carriage must slow down while the gates are opened. When it comes through, and before it gathers speed, I want you, Watson, to stop the coachman with some question. Never mind me. I shall stand behind this holly-bush and see what I can see.
Watson: This is the place.
Watson: About midday, Mr. Barnes informs me, the old lady takes a drive, and the carriage must slow down while the gates are opened. When it comes through, and before it gathers speed, I want you, Watson, to stop the coachman with some question. Never mind me. I shall stand behind this holly-bush and see what I can see.
Watson: It was not a long vigil. Within a quarter of an hour we saw the big open yellow barouche coming down the long avenue, with two splendid, high-stepping gray carriage horses in the shafts. Holmes crouched behind his bush with the dog. I stood unconcernedly swinging a cane in the roadway. A keeper ran out and the gates swung open.
Watson: The carriage had slowed to a walk, and I was able to get a good look at the occupants. A highly coloured young woman with flaxen hair and impudent eyes sat on the left. At her right was an elderly person with rounded back and a huddle of shawls about her face and shoulders which proclaimed the invalid. When the horses reached the highroad I held up my hand with an authoritative gesture, and as the coachman pulled up I inquired if Sir Robert was at Shoscombe Old Place.
###
Holmes: Drive on! Drive on! 
Unknown: Well, Watson, that's done it. He thought it was his mistress, and he found it was a stranger. Dogs don't make mistakes.
Watson: But it was the voice of a man!
Holmes: Exactly! We have added one card to our hand, Watson, but it needs careful playing, all the same.
John Mason: Good-evening, gentlemen. I got your note, Mr. Holmes. Sir Robert has not returned yet, but I hear that he is expected to-night.
Holmes: How far is this crypt from the house?
John Mason: A good quarter of a mile.
Holmes: Then I think we can disregard him altogether.
John Mason: I can't afford to do that, Mr. Holmes. The moment he arrives he will want to see me to get the last news of Shoscombe Prince.
Holmes: I see! In that case we must work without you, Mr. Mason. You can show us the crypt and then leave us.
###
Mason: I can't afford to do that, Mr. Holmes. The moment he arrives he will want to see me to get the last news of Shoscombe Prince.
Holmes: I see! In that case we must work without you, Mr. Mason. You can show us the crypt and then leave us.
Mason: You spoke of some bones, Mr. Mason. Could you show them before you go?
Holmes: They are gone. I fancy the ashes of them might even now be found in that oven which had already consumed a part.
Mason: But why in the world would anyone want to burn the bones of a man who has been dead a thousand years?
Holmes: That is what we are here to find out. It may mean a long search, and we need not detain you. I fancy that we shall get our solution before morning.
###
Holmes: That is what we are here to find out. It may mean a long search, and we need not detain you. I fancy that we shall get our solution before morning.
Holmes: Who the devil are you? And what are you doing upon my property?
Holmes: Do you hear me? Who are you? What are you doing here?
###
Holmes: I also have a question to ask you, Sir Robert, Who is this? And what is it doing here?
Holmes: How came you to know of this? What business is it of yours?
Holmes: My name is Sherlock Holmes, Possibly it is familiar to you. In any case, my business is that of every other good citizen--to uphold the law. It seems to me that you have much to answer for.
Sir Robert: How came you to know of this? What business is it of yours?
Holmes: I should be happy to think so, but I fear your explanations must be before the police.
Sir Robert: Well, if it must be, it must. Come up to the house and you can judge for yourself how the matter stands.
###
Sir Robert: There, are Mr. and Mrs. Norlett. Mrs. Norlett, under her maiden name of Evans, has for some years been my sister's confidential maid. I have brought them here because I feel that my best course is to explain the true position to you, and they are the two people upon earth who can substantiate what I say.
Mrs. Norlett: Is this necessary, Sir Robert? Have you thought what you are doing?
Mr. Norlett: As to me, I entirely disclaim all responsibility.
Sir Robert: I will take all responsibility. Now, Mr. Holmes, listen to a plain statement of the facts. You have clearly gone pretty deeply into my affairs or I should not have found you where I did. Therefore, you know already, in all probability, that I am running a dark horse for the Derby and that everything depends upon my success. If I win, all is easy. If I lose--well, I dare not think of that!
Holmes: I understand the position.
Sir Robert: I am dependent upon my sister, Lady Beatrice, for everything. But it is well known that her interest in the estate is for her own life only. For myself, I am deeply in the hands of the Jews. I have always known that if my sister were to die my creditors would be on to my estate like a flock of vultures. Everything would be seized--my stables, my horses--everything. Well, Mr. Holmes, my sister did die just a week ago.
Holmes: And you told no one!
Sir Robert: What could I do? Absolute ruin faced me. If I could stave things off for three weeks all would be well. Her maid's husband--this man here--is an actor. It came into our heads--it came into my head--that he could for that short period personate my sister. It was but a case of appearing daily in the carriage, for no one need enter her room save the maid. It was not difficult to arrange. My sister died of the dropsy which had long afflicted her.
Holmes: That will be for a coroner to decide.
Sir Robert: Her doctor would certify that for months her symptoms have threatened such an end.
###
Holmes: That will be for a coroner to decide.
Doctor: Her doctor would certify that for months her symptoms have threatened such an end.
Sir Robert: Well, what did you do?
Doctor: The body could not remain there. On the first night Norlett and I carried it out to the old well-house, which is now never used. We were followed, however, by her pet spaniel, which yapped continually at the door, so I felt some safer place was needed. I got rid of the spaniel, and we carried the body to the crypt of the church. There was no indignity or irreverence, Mr. Holmes. I do not feel that I have wronged the dead.
Holmes: Your conduct seems to me inexcusable, Sir Robert.
Sir Robert: It is easy to preach. Perhaps you would have felt differently if you had been in my position. One cannot see all one's hopes and all one's plans shattered at the last moment and make no effort to save them. It seemed to me that it would be no unworthy resting-place if we put her for the time in one of the coffins of her husband's ancestors lying in what is still consecrated ground. We opened such a coffin, removed the contents, and placed her as you have seen her. As to the old relics which we took out, we could not leave them on the floor of the crypt. Norlett and I removed them, and he descended at night and burned them in the central furnace. There is my story, Mr. Holmes, though how you forced my hand so that I have to tell it is more than I can say.
Holmes: There is one flaw in your narrative, Sir Robert. Your bets on the race, and therefore your hopes for the future, would hold good even if your creditors seized your estate.
Sir Robert: The horse would be part of the estate. What do they care for my bets? As likely as not they would not run him at all. My chief creditor is, unhappily, my most bitter enemy--a rascally fellow, Sam Brewer, whom I was once compelled to horsewhip on Newmarket Heath. Do you suppose that he would try to save me?
###
Holmes: Well, Sir Robert, this matter must, of course, be referred to the police. It was my duty to bring the facts to light, and there I must leave it. As to the morality or decency of your conduct, it is not for me to express an opinion. It is nearly midnight, Watson, and I think we may make our way back to our humble abode.
Narrator: It is generally known now that this singular episode ended upon a happier note than Sir Robert's actions deserved. Shoscombe Prince did win the Derby, the sporting owner did net eighty thousand pounds in bets, and the creditors did hold their hand until the race was over, when they were paid in full, and enough was left to reestablish Sir Robert in a fair position in life. Both police and coroner took a lenient view of the transaction, and beyond a mild censure for the delay in registering the lady's decease, the lucky owner got away scatheless from this strange incident in a career which has now outlived its shadows and promises to end in an honoured old age.
Holmes: Did you see him?
Watson: You mean the old fellow who has just gone out?
Holmes: Precisely.
Watson: Yes, I met him at the door.
Holmes: What did you think of him?
Watson: A pathetic, futile, broken creature.
Holmes: Exactly, Watson. Pathetic and futile. But is not all life pathetic and futile? Is not his story a microcosm of the whole? We reach. We grasp. And what is left in our hands at the end? A shadow. Or worse than a shadow--misery.
Watson: Is he one of your clients?
Holmes: Well, I suppose I may call him so. He has been sent on by the Yard. Just as medical men occasionally send their incurables to a quack. They argue that they can do nothing more, and that whatever happens the patient can be no worse than he is.
Watson: What is the matter?
###
Watson: What is the matter?
Holmes: Josiah Amberley. He says he was junior partner of Brickfall and Amberley, who are manufacturers of artistic materials. You will see their names upon paint-boxes. He made his little pile, retired from business at the age of sixty-one, bought a house at Lewisham, and settled down to rest after a life of ceaseless grind. One would think his future was tolerably assured.
Watson: Yes, indeed.
Holmes: Retired in 1896, Watson. Early in 1897 he married a woman twenty years younger than himself--a good-looking woman, too, if the photograph does not flatter. A competence, a wife, leisure--it seemed a straight road which lay before him. And yet within two years he is, as you have seen, as broken and miserable a creature as crawls beneath the sun.
Watson: But what has happened?
Holmes: The old story, Watson. A treacherous friend and a fickle wife. It would appear that Amberley has one hobby in life, and it is chess. Not far from him at Lewisham there lives a young doctor who is also a chess-player. I have noted his name as Dr. Ray Ernest. Ernest was frequently in the house, and an intimacy between him and Mrs. Amberley was a natural sequence, for you must admit that our unfortunate client has few outward graces, whatever his inner virtues may be. The couple went off together last week--destination untraced. What is more, the faithless spouse carried off the old man's deed-box as her personal luggage with a good part of his life's savings within. Can we find the lady? Can we save the money? A commonplace problem so far as it has developed, and yet a vital one for Josiah Amberley.
Watson: What will you do about it?
###
Watson: What will you do about it?
Holmes: Well, the immediate question, my dear Watson, happens to be, What will you do?--if you will be good enough to understudy me. You know that I am preoccupied with this case of the two Coptic Patriarchs, which should come to a head today. I really have not time to go out to Lewisham, and yet evidence taken on the spot has a special value. The old fellow was quite insistent that I should go, but I explained my difficulty. He is prepared to meet a representative.
Watson: By all means, I answered. I confess I don't see that I can be of much service, but I am willing to do my best.
Watson: The Haven is the name of Mr. Josiah Amberley's house, I explained. I think it would interest you, Holmes. It is like some penurious patrician who has sunk into the company of his inferiors. You know that particular quarter, the monotonous brick streets, the weary suburban highways. Right in the middle of them, a little island of ancient culture and comfort, lies this old home, surrounded by a high sun-baked wall mottled with lichens and topped with moss, the sort of wall--
Holmes: Cut out the poetry, Watson, said Holmes severely. I note that it was a high brick wall.
###
Holmes: Cut out the poetry, Watson. I note that it was a high brick wall.
Watson: Exactly. I should not have known which was The Haven had I not asked a lounger who was smoking in the street. I have a reason for mentioning him. He was a tall, dark, heavily moustached, rather military-looking man. He nodded in answer to my inquiry and gave me a curiously questioning glance, which came back to my memory a little later.
Watson: I had hardly entered the gateway before I saw Mr. Amberley coming down the drive. I only had a glimpse of him this morning, and he certainly gave me the impression of a strange creature, but when I saw him in full light his appearance was even more abnormal.
Holmes: I have, of course, studied it, and yet I should be interested to have your impression.
Watson: He seemed to me like a man who was literally bowed down by care. His back was curved as though he carried a heavy burden. Yet he was not the weakling that I had at first imagined, for his shoulders and chest have the framework of a giant, though his figure tapers away into a pair of spindled legs.
Holmes: Left shoe wrinkled, right one smooth.
Watson: I did not observe that.
Holmes: No, you wouldn't. I spotted his artificial limb. But proceed.
Watson: I was struck by the snaky locks of grizzled hair which curled from under his old straw hat, and his face with its fierce, eager expression and the deeply lined features.
Holmes: Very good, Watson. What did he say?
###
Watson: I was struck by the snaky locks of grizzled hair which curled from under his old straw hat, and his face with its fierce, eager expression and the deeply lined features.
Holmes: Very good, Watson. What did he say?
Watson: He began pouring out the story of his grievances. We walked down the drive together, and of course I took a good look round. I have never seen a worse-kept place. The garden was all running to seed, giving me an impression of wild neglect in which the plants had been allowed to find the way of Nature rather than of art. How any decent woman could have tolerated such a state of things, I don't know. The house, too, was slatternly to the last degree, but the poor man seemed himself to be aware of it and to be trying to remedy it, for a great pot of green paint stood in the centre of the hall, and he was carrying a thick brush in his left hand. He had been working on the woodwork.
Watson: He took me into his dingy sanctum, and we had a long chat. Of course, he was disappointed that you had not come yourself. 'I hardly expected,' he said, 'that so humble an individual as myself, especially after my heavy financial loss, could obtain the complete attention of so famous a man as Mr. Sherlock Holmes.'
Watson: I assured him that the financial question did not arise. 'No, of course, it is art for art's sake with him,' said he, 'but even on the artistic side of crime he might have found something here to study. And human nature, Dr. Watson--the black ingratitude of it all! When did I ever refuse one of her requests? Was ever a woman so pampered? And that young man--he might have been my own son. He had the run of my house. And yet see how they have treated me! Oh, Dr. Watson, it is a dreadful, dreadful world!'.
###
Watson: That is remarkable--most remarkable. Pray continue, Watson. I find your narrative most arresting. Did you personally examine this ticket? You did not, perchance, take the number?
Holmes: Excellent, Watson! His seat, then, was either thirty or thirty-two.
Watson: Quite so. And on B row.
Holmes: That is most satisfactory. What else did he tell you?
Watson: He showed me his strong-room, as he called it. It really is a strong-room--like a bank--with iron door and shutter--burglar-proof, as he claimed. However, the woman seems to have had a duplicate key, and between them they had carried off some seven thousand pounds' worth of cash and securities.
Holmes: Securities! How could they dispose of those?
Watson: He said that he had given the police a list and that he hoped they would be unsaleable. He had got back from the theatre about midnight and found the place plundered, the door and window open, and the fugitives gone. There was no letter or message, nor has he heard a word since. He at once gave the alarm to the police.
Holmes: You say he was painting. What was he painting?
Watson: Well, he was painting the passage. But he had already painted the door and woodwork of this room I spoke of.
Holmes: Does it not strike you as a strange occupation in the circumstances?
###
Watson: You say he was painting. What was he painting?
Holmes: Well, he was painting the passage. But he had already painted the door and woodwork of this room I spoke of.
Watson: Does it not strike you as a strange occupation in the circumstances?
Holmes: 'One must do something to ease an aching heart.' That was his own explanation. It was eccentric, no doubt, but he is clearly an eccentric man. He tore up one of his wife's photographs in my presence--tore it up furiously in a tempest of passion. 'I never wish to see her damned face again,' he shrieked.
Watson: Anything more, Holmes?
Holmes: Yes, one thing which struck me more than anything else. I had driven to the Blackheath Station and had caught my train there when, just as it was starting, I saw a man dart into the carriage next to my own. You know that I have a quick eye for faces, Holmes. It was undoubtedly the tall, dark man whom I had addressed in the street. I saw him once more at London Bridge, and then I lost him in the crowd. But I am convinced that he was following me.
Watson: No doubt! No doubt! A tall, dark, heavily moustached man, you say, with gray-tinted sun-glasses?
Holmes: Holmes, you are a wizard. I did not say so, but he had gray-tinted sun-glasses.
Watson: And a Masonic tie pin?
Holmes: Holmes! Quite simple, my dear Watson. But let us get down to what is practical. I must admit to you that the case, which seemed to me to be so absurdly simple as to be hardly worth my notice, is rapidly assuming a very different aspect. It is true that though in your mission you have missed everything of importance, yet even those things which have obtruded themselves upon your notice give rise to serious thought.
Watson: What have I missed?
###
Watson: What have I missed?
Holmes: Don't be hurt, my dear fellow. You know that I am quite impersonal. No one else would have done better. Some possibly not so well. But clearly you have missed some vital points. What is the opinion of the neighbours about this man Amberley and his wife? That surely is of importance. What of Dr. Ernest? Was he the gay Lothario one would expect? With your natural advantages, Watson, every lady is your helper and accomplice. What about the girl at the post-office, or the wife of the greengrocer? I can picture you whispering soft nothings with the young lady at the Blue Anchor, and receiving hard somethings in exchange. All this you have left undone.
Watson: It can still be done.
Holmes: It has been done. Thanks to the telephone and the help of the Yard, I can usually get my essentials without leaving this room. As a matter of fact, my information confirms the man's story. He has the local repute of being a miser as well as a harsh and exacting husband. That he had a large sum of money in that strong-room of his is certain. So also is it that young Dr. Ernest, an unmarried man, played chess with Amberley, and probably played the fool with his wife. All this seems plain sailing, and one would think that there was no more to be said--and yet!--and yet!
Watson: Where lies the difficulty?
Holmes: In my imagination, perhaps. Well, leave it there, Watson. Let us escape from this weary workaday world by the side door of music. Carina sings to-night at the Albert Hall, and we still have time to dress, dine, and enjoy.
Watson: In the morning I was up betimes, but some toast crumbs and two empty egg-shells told me that my companion was earlier still. I found a scribbled note upon the table.
Holmes: Dear Watson: There are one or two points of contact which I should wish to establish with Mr. Josiah Amberley. When I have done so we can dismiss the case--or not. I would only ask you to be on hand about three o'clock, as I conceive it possible that I may want you. S. H.
###
Watson: Has Amberley been here yet?
Holmes: No. Ah! I am expecting him.
Amberley: I've had a telegram, Mr. Holmes. I can make nothing of it.
Holmes: Come at once without fail. Can give you information as to your recent loss. Elman. The Vicarage. Dispatched at 2.10 from Little Purlington. Little Purlington is in Essex, I believe, not far from Frinton. Well, of course you will start at once. This is evidently from a responsible person, the vicar of the place. Where is my Crockford? Yes, here we have him: 'J. C. Elman, M. A., Living of Moosmoor cum Little Purlington.' Look up the trains, Watson.
Watson: There is one at 5.20 from Liverpool Street.
Holmes: Excellent. You had best go with him, Watson. He may need help or advice. Clearly we have come to a crisis in this affair.
Amberley: It's perfectly absurd, Mr. Holmes. What can this man possibly know of what has occurred? It is waste of time and money.
Holmes: He would not have telegraphed to you if he did not know something. Wire at once that you are coming.
Amberley: I don't think I shall go.
Holmes: It would make the worst possible impression both on the police and upon myself, Mr. Amberley, if when so obvious a clue arose you should refuse to follow it up. We should feel that you were not really in earnest in this investigation.
Amberley: Why, of course I shall go if you look at it in that way. On the face of it, it seems absurd to suppose that this person knows anything, but if you think--
###
Client: Why, of course I shall go if you look at it in that way. On the face of it, it seems absurd to suppose that this person knows anything, but if you think--
Holmes: I do think.
Holmes: Whatever you do, see that he really does go. Should he break away or return, get to the nearest telephone exchange and send the single word 'Bolted.' I will arrange here that it shall reach me wherever I am.
Watson: We came in answer to your wire.
Vicar: My wire! I sent no wire. I have never heard of the gentleman you name, and I have not sent a wire to anyone.
Watson: Perhaps there is some mistake, are there perhaps two vicarages? Here is the wire itself, signed Elman and dated from the Vicarage.
Vicar: There is only one vicarage, sir, and only one vicar, and this wire is a scandalous forgery, the origin of which shall certainly be investigated by the police. Meanwhile, I can see no possible object in prolonging this interview.
###
Holmes: This is my friend Mr. Barker. He has been interesting himself also in your business, Mr. Josiah Amberley, though we have been working independently. But we both have the same question to ask you!
Josiah Amberley: What is the question, Mr. Holmes?
Holmes: Only this: What did you do with the bodies?
Holmes: No short cuts, Josiah Amberley. Things must be done decently and in order. What about it, Barker?
Barker: I have a cab at the door. It is only a few hundred yards to the station. We will go together. You can stay here, Watson. I shall be back within half an hour.
Holmes: I've left Barker to look after the formalities. You had not met Barker, Watson. He is my hated rival upon the Surrey shore. When you said a tall dark man it was not difficult for me to complete the picture. He has several good cases to his credit, has he not, Inspector?
Inspector: He has certainly interfered several times.
###
Inspector: He has certainly interfered several times.
Holmes: His methods are irregular, no doubt, like my own. The irregulars are useful sometimes, you know. You, for example, with your compulsory warning about whatever he said being used against him, could never have bluffed this rascal into what is virtually a confession.
Inspector: Perhaps not. But we get there all the same, Mr. Holmes. Don't imagine that we had not formed our own views of this case, and that we would not have laid our hands on our man. You will excuse us for feeling sore when you jump in with methods which we cannot use, and so rob us of the credit.
Holmes: There shall be no such robbery, MacKinnon. I assure you that I efface myself from now onward, and as to Barker, he has done nothing save what I told him.
Inspector: That is very handsome of you, Mr. Holmes. Praise or blame can matter little to you, but it is very different to us when the newspapers begin to ask questions.
Holmes: Quite so. But they are pretty sure to ask questions anyhow, so it would be as well to have answers. What will you say, for example, when the intelligent and enterprising reporter asks you what the exact points were which aroused your suspicion, and finally gave you a certain conviction as to the real facts?
Inspector: We don't seem to have got any real facts yet, Mr. Holmes. You say that the prisoner, in the presence of three witnesses, practically confessed by trying to commit suicide, that he had murdered his wife and her lover. What other facts have you?
Holmes: Have you arranged for a search?
Inspector: There are three constables on their way.
Holmes: Then you will soon get the clearest fact of all. The bodies cannot be far away. Try the cellars and the garden. It should not take long to dig up the likely places. This house is older than the water-pipes. There must be a disused well somewhere. Try your luck there.
Inspector: But how did you know of it, and how was it done?
###
Holmes: But how did you know of it, and how was it done?
Holmes: I'll show you first how it was done, and then I will give the explanation which is due to you, and even more to my long-suffering friend here, who has been invaluable throughout. But, first, I would give you an insight into this man's mentality. It is a very unusual one--so much so that I think his destination is more likely to be Broadmoor than the scaffold. He has, to a high degree, the sort of mind which one associates with the mediaeval Italian nature rather than with the modern Briton. He was a miserable miser who made his wife so wretched by his niggardly ways that she was a ready prey for any adventurer. Such a one came upon the scene in the person of this chess-playing doctor. Amberley excelled at chess--one mark, Watson, of a scheming mind. Like all misers, he was a jealous man, and his jealousy became a frantic mania. Rightly or wrongly, he suspected an intrigue. He determined to have his revenge, and he planned it with diabolical cleverness. Come here!
Holmes: Pooh! What an awful smell of paint!
###
Holmes: Pooh! What an awful smell of paint!
Holmes: That was our first clue. You can thank Dr. Watson's observation for that, though he failed to draw the inference. It set my foot upon the trail. Why should this man at such a time be filling his house with strong odours? Obviously, to cover some other smell which he wished to conceal--some guilty smell which would suggest suspicions. Then came the idea of a room such as you see here with iron door and shutter--a hermetically sealed room. Put those two facts together, and whither do they lead? I could only determine that by examining the house myself. I was already certain that the case was serious, for I had examined the box-office chart at the Haymarket Theatre--another of Dr. Watson's bull's-eyes--and ascertained that neither B thirty nor thirty-two of the upper circle had been occupied that night. Therefore, Amberley had not been to the theatre, and his alibi fell to the ground. He made a bad slip when he allowed my astute friend to notice the number of the seat taken for his wife. The question now arose how I might be able to examine the house. I sent an agent to the most impossible village I could think of, and summoned my man to it at such an hour that he could not possibly get back. To prevent any miscarriage, Dr. Watson accompanied him. The good vicar's name I took, of course, out of my Crockford. Do I make it all clear to you?
Inspector: It is masterly.
###
Inspector: It is masterly, said the inspector in an awed voice. One of our officers mentioned the smell of gas, but of course the window and door were open then, and the paint--or some of it--was already about. He had begun the work of painting the day before, according to his story. But what next, Mr. Holmes?
Holmes: There being no fear of interruption I proceeded to burgle the house. Burglary has always been an alternative profession had I cared to adopt it, and I have little doubt that I should have come to the front. Observe what I found. You see the gas-pipe along the skirting here. Very good. It rises in the angle of the wall, and there is a tap here in the corner. The pipe runs out into the strong-room, as you can see, and ends in that plaster rose in the centre of the ceiling, where it is concealed by the ornamentation. That end is wide open. At any moment by turning the outside tap the room could be flooded with gas. With door and shutter closed and the tap full on I would not give two minutes of conscious sensation to anyone shut up in that little chamber. By what devilish device he decoyed them there I do not know, but once inside the door they were at his mercy.
###
Watson: Well, then came an incident which was rather unexpected to myself. I was slipping through the pantry window in the early dawn when I felt a hand inside my collar, and a voice said: 'Now, you rascal, what are you doing in there?' When I could twist my head round I looked into the tinted spectacles of my friend and rival, Mr. Barker. It was a curious foregathering and set us both smiling. It seems that he had been engaged by Dr. Ray Ernest's family to make some investigations and had come to the same conclusion as to foul play. He had watched the house for some days and had spotted Dr. Watson as one of the obviously suspicious characters who had called there. He could hardly arrest Watson, but when he saw a man actually climbing out of the pantry window there came a limit to his restraint. Of course, I told him how matters stood and we continued the case together.
Holmes: Why him? Why not us?
Watson: Because it was in my mind to put that little test which answered so admirably. I fear you would not have gone so far.
Holmes: Well, maybe not. I understand that I have your word, Mr. Holmes, that you step right out of the case now and that you turn all your results over to us.
Watson: Certainly, that is always my custom.
Holmes: Well, in the name of the force I thank you. It seems a clear case, as you put it, and there can't be much difficulty over the bodies.
Holmes: I'll show you a grim little bit of evidence, and I am sure Amberley himself never observed it. You'll get results, Inspector, by always putting yourself in the other fellow's place, and thinking what you would do yourself. It takes some imagination, but it pays. Now, we will suppose that you were shut up in this little room, had not two minutes to live, but wanted to get even with the fiend who was probably mocking at you from the other side of the door. What would you do?
Inspector: Write a message.
###
Holmes: Write a message.
Watson: Exactly. You would like to tell people how you died. No use writing on paper. That would be seen. If you wrote on the wall someone might rest upon it. Now, look here! Just above the skirting is scribbled with a purple indelible pencil: 'We we--' That's all.
Holmes: What do you make of that?
Watson: Well, it's only a foot above the ground. The poor devil was on the floor dying when he wrote it. He lost his senses before he could finish.
Watson: He was writing, 'We were murdered.'
Holmes: That's how I read it. If you find an indelible pencil on the body--
Watson: We'll look out for it, you may be sure. But those securities? Clearly there was no robbery at all. And yet he did possess those bonds. We verified that.
Holmes: You may be sure he has them hidden in a safe place. When the whole elopement had passed into history, he would suddenly discover them and announce that the guilty couple had relented and sent back the plunder or had dropped it on the way.
Inspector: You certainly seem to have met every difficulty. Of course, he was bound to call us in, but why he should have gone to you I can't understand.
Holmes: Pure swank! He felt so clever and so sure of himself that he imagined no one could touch him. He could say to any suspicious neighbour, 'Look at the steps I have taken. I have consulted not only the police but even Sherlock Holmes.'
Inspector: We must forgive you your 'even,' Mr. Holmes, it's as workmanlike a job as I can remember.
###
Holmes: Well, well, MacKinnon is a good fellow. You can file it in our archives, Watson. Some day the true story may be told.
